[Music]
n
and
[Music]
Ho
Tonight on the screen you will see everything
know with news that catches you Don't you
you will be able to move fresh gossip ritas and
passion Get ready for action let's go
that the nights that are worth
sing secrets drama and fun that you
It's going to catch you and you won't want to let it go anymore
[Music]
Everything that happens on TV is here.
to
Listening to each story will move you.
the night can't stop let's go what
It happens on TV, here you'll hear it
Each story will thrill your night.
can't stop, let's go into the nights
that they are going to
enchant that there is no fun in the show
It will catch you and you won't want to leave it
[Music]
[Applause]
more come on, the nights are starting now
you're going to love it
secrets drama and fun the show you
go and don't let anything else happen to you
on TV here you will hear it every
emotional piera story the night does not
Can you stop? Let's go and unravel the nights.
they are going to
enchanting seven is plot and fun
The show will trap you and you won't want it.
never leave
[Music]
Good night family as always
I don't know if you're watching me, you're watching me
You can't see it, I mean, you see me, I see myself.
I see no, I don't see it, but I hear it, no, O
It was not seen but it was heard. Okay then.
Look, now I know for next time.
that I want like when I finish the
intro then automatically skip all
our cameras But well it seems that
automatically we do not have a today
spectacular guest who makes me
Very excited to have you here
I tell you the truth today is going to be a night
very special today we are going to comment a lot
gossip not that from Wednesday until
Many things have happened in the world today
from the heart but first we are going to give it to you
Good night to our little sailor Marina
Beautiful, good night. How are you? I have
come with a little shirt for that good thing to
see is that I was going to go to the gym I was going to go to
gym the guy entertained me
end and no gym or anything but oh well
There we are, what's up? Oh, you haven't
done gymnastics no
Well, let's see, Ignasia Mental, I'll do it.
Every day I told you I tell Javi
I'm going to tell you here, I say I think Angel
comes because Angel says he was going to
fix I say let's see I don't think I know
It is seen a lot when you connect, I think.
that I don't know unless it is put because
see It must be said that it is a little
quite Boomer let's see also has one
age and tells me that he never eh He tells me
You have to tell me how this is because
I don't really know what I have to do
I've never done this and such and I've done it
explained and I trust please because
I don't know, down there it's already down there.
I'm already looking around, yes, it's there.
down there is down there is down there
Come on, we're going to give him the go-ahead, but I don't know.
I'm going to scold you, eh? That's why
What did you say, huh? No no no no but
Listen to me, but how are we going to give it to him?
I'll pass now, I told him half past seven and what do I do?
I don't let it pass
Man, you don't want the man to come in
Well, nothing, see you later, but as
Of course I agreed with him to make a
test beforehand so that everything was
well and then I told him more or less ha and
average but well if we enter now
We're already in
Maybe the man is on trial and
I'm going to put it in, eh? I don't know, maybe I'm going to
to put your foot in it. But well, I'm going to give it to him.
I'll pass and let him do what he wants.
He wants him to stay and if not, he wants him to leave.
but well Good night Angel how
Hello What are you?
such What's up how are you Angel what
wonderful here Thank you look that no pu no
It's a matter of Dead, it's a matter of
respect towards you because I was with you
stiff hair and in pajamas
[Laughs]
Anyway, nothing more than that I have
fixed by putting on a little bit of
fixative and a
dressing gown of course it's not that Marina thinks that
from the age of 50 you can't
use the computer and the mobile phone, let's go and
It's like, well, let's see, what if it's always
I have always been a disaster for
I don't, I'm more analog.
not only because of age but because I have not
never interested And then I am more than
I use the computer to write
scripts and little else may be
I heard a little echo, people say.
It may be, I don't know if you can fix it.
Javi, I hear it perfectly, eh, I do.
I'm listening perfectly, I hear you.
I hear great, only I, Angel
aust do you mind can I address you informally no
Please, could you please give me your cell phone?
the turn so that it can be seen in
horizontally instead of vertically and that's it
It would be great, okay, let's see, yes, it would be great.
has been
Now we are divine, of course, that's how we are
more comfortable Good night Angel
delighted to
know you
equally how
We are very well here in my Cortijo
I've already lived too long in the
center of a wonderful capital like in
Malaga but I decided to rent my building
the entire mansion and come here for a
Farmhouse in a wonderful village that is
Villanueva calls the trabuco which is very
sexy that's what I was going to tell you good blunderbuss
good
blunderbuss don't give too many details about where
you live that then happens like people who
They show up there, be careful not to
Well, I live a little bit out here.
from the town a little resc as Juan would say
of the
thing to I have to tell you one thing and the
People won't believe me. Look normally.
When we kids are dreaming, we are small.
No, because he liked it.
Goku Oliver Benji these things and me with 9
years I dressed up as you, that is, as you and
From Doa Paca's it was Miguel cao no
Miguel Miguel cao was Doa Paca Y
then it was a little more elegant
Maruja vase it's true no no but it is
that I loved all these things
and I was always very like that and and I was
super fan of yours that's why tonight I
It makes me especially happy that you are here if
My grandmother knew that tonight she was coming to
Angel Gar and I saw each other and I started to
make imitate your shows on 1 23
I dressed a lot as Doa Paca then to me
sister and the neighbors dressed them up
all of us from Doa p started to do the
Miguel's show too and look at what
which is the
life Well I can tell you that there is one
big difference because I never
I was disguised as nothing I always went widowed
of of
Rich of the most important of
Montesinos because that time then
as I was also a model
photographic and all those things, well, well
They gave me many black clothes
because he always wore black, which is the
color was black was black No I wasn't
I was black
white but the clothes were black and it was the
black color was a girl that I
I had working at home that the queera
with madness that her name was Trini and she was from
My Guinea when F of Guinea cried
We both cried like two little children
that one day Why why why Because he gave it to him
sorry because he had to leave due to problems
relatives to Guinea and and and and I with my
divine bold was the glory and she
with me we loved each other very much and we had
to go to his land and then a
One day Chicho came into my house, the living room
my house where I lived in Boadilla del
mount and Trini opened the door for him and
so when i walked into the living room he says
I'm very worried, Angel, about the cigar.
I don't say why he says I'm seeing very
changed to your
sister, look, my mother sees her, I see her
I see her a bit strange
different How my sister acted
acted with me playing the character
that I played Maruchi and she played
naive German we were 12 years old
working with Josin Moreno with the
Maruchi and Olga's sketch Olga is my
sister who was blonde
diminutio told me that and I tied myself up
laugh Because I say what things this has
man never Better said has a lot
dark humor, look at Angel, look at him
resume of angel or comedian
See if I left something out, eh. Let's see if I left something out.
somewhat comedian actor writer composer
sculptor painter cook what did you do
poems with TR years already eye yes boy to me
My uncle used me to flirt with me
Aunt would give me the phone and I would tell her
It happens to you like every day when you go up
the mountain range Oh my God, how cool
But how beautiful oh but how beautiful everything
for celsa for camels
[Laughs]
Ela Yes yes it is true that many of you
they met when you appeared in the
1 do3 on those Fridays that I didn't come back
crazy in half of Spain How do you remember?
all
The good thing is that television has
so much power that it seems that one has been born
when you first go out in
television I had already been a figure of
sign on the Gran Va in Madrid that
true in the plaza callao were
the posters of winsor cleofas and xon that
They were the great halls of Music Hall
and then I went
Curiously, all the posters are now
large in the middle of La Gran Va in
the recacha as we say in my country in
that round one that makes the pebble
Well, there were the artists
main and everything was light bulbs like
very Broadway No, no, not me when Julian
Reyar who was the owner of the chain
Winson hired me for Cleofas which was
the most important of the three is the Plaza
Columbus then they made me I asked
that the crystals were my lights
all neon that was in the year
1989 and I already started a long career
live and I was already well known in
Madrid So Chicho didn't take me out
from a top hat, that is, he already smelled of
the fame he was having in Madrid
a do 3 and I said no Wow first
you said no at 26
years old at 26 years old I told Chicho no
To be honest, I didn't say I didn't tell him
Chicho, I told Salom not to him.
who was the scriptwriter of 1 23 who told me
He sent for me to go and I said that
not as it felt like a kick then
then one day I'm acting in the
Berlin cabaret which is in Latina one
room that was attended by a large university audience
AND
So there I was the figure of the place
and then I remember that I was going up in the
stage by a hydraulic stage and
I was watching people leaving from below
up up up and
when he poked his head out he was going up
going up and I see that it is in the first
Chicho row So he insisted on licking
Citn in Apolonio Morales in Prointel
which was his production company in Madrid next door
from the Plaza de Castilla and there I am
He ate the coconut because what he told me is
that I wasn't going to dress up, I didn't even
disguise myself as anything or disguise myself as
Columbus nor disguise myself as anyone
black man with a screen so I could
turn around and become
another character And then he accepted everything
absolutely everything And then I said
Well, I didn't see anything in the first program.
Because it was recorded, they played it on Fridays
and they were recorded
Tuesday yes and in the Buuel studios and
then I had a meal with my friends
to see me and I didn't like it
absolutely nothing the phone rang
Come on, I didn't look good And then the
phone and Chicho called me and says tomorrow
will not be able to go out on the street and then I
I went in the morning to buy the supplies
stew to make my food in my
apartment that I had near Goya
apartment And then when I went I
I came back from the store because I couldn't walk
on the street and that was the story of al
At first yes but no you couldn't get in
of how much people loved you, clear image
People wouldn't let me. So I couldn't.
walk through the streets, notice that I
I remember that at that time I don't know if
It was, I think it was Pilar Eire, it could have been that
will tell that your departure from the program is
due to your bad relationship with Chichu B
closer or that you had not reached a
economic agreement and I think he told it
she of course the Source civeles like me
I say well but Pilar is that the poor thing
true, I believe that the operations
operations are not sitting very well
Well, I went to Chicho's lock and he to me.
so much so that when I finished my stage
from a TR that I finished completely
There were 36 programs, he gave me a car and
Then I continued my journey in turns
through the best theaters in Spain and
He called me because the traffic light that he
he was coming down a little bit
of hearing And then he called me to
that I intervened in the traffic light
and there I did a lot of programs with him
later also with Jord Estadella
because now that she has passed away, poor thing
maa Gomez that I loved but to me
They called me and I said that I didn't
I can speak because I don't
I never met Of course not
I agree, more modern, I was more modern
we go inside what
mod and with Miriam
dioca mine I became Popular in the
year 92 in
lao Look, hey, well, clear year It's true
that people told us I was going to you
also ask about Maira Gmez because
associated car see
There are people, there are people like me
I became so familiar and they saw me in my
time slot let's go No because I do
I would look but because Chicho told me so
I saw myself doing it. Thank you very much.
when I said Uy peak audience 3 million
and a bit of people saw me 17
million people 17 was a
millions in my
strip the 15 or 12 minutes that I did
15 or 20 I don't know And then eh And then
Of course, truth always arises because a
day talking to Camilo Jos Cela
when I was young because I was a big fan
My little angel tells me what do you think?
that I have answered a journalist
They have asked me if I do sports and what
You answered him, you say yes, I am very
totally envious and
So that has been a constant in me
My career has been many
evils out there for those shots And then
It turns out that for example, another person
girl the nice mother a cutie the
who works at Antena 3
Silvia: Let's see, is it cute or is it irony?
because with you you never know angel for
where you don't go out no no I say a cutie
and I don't remember what it's called and but
let's go, it's every morning
and then he interviewed me as a result
That Rafael Susana died, that's what I say.
Silvia
then he interviewed me for
phone because Rafael Carr had it
fascination with my work and me with
She needless to say, is clear then
I went to his show and he introduced me to
Claudia Cardinales and And Then He Made Me
to do when Rafael la Carr died
This lady called and said Angel to me and I said
It's that of course I don't know what I'm like that
17 million people saw you And he says
Well, there was just a chain.
lie
They were all there and I told her to
Susana Griso I say but it's that Susana who
I am ngel Garn no
Joselito was all the chain man
392 was all Tele5 all all Antena 3
everything everything is true man what happens
is that the audiences were different
people gathered to watch television
in family today you no longer know You already know
that you see Nor prr very features
family and on the other hand to tell you
queo
moved from Apolonio Morales moved to
near Spanish television Prado del
A king like me lived in Boadilla del Monte
Well, let's say I could come and go very quickly.
very often to my house just to
to talk to me however also
I will say that he has already started several times, but no
Chicho's decline that I don't
like to say that never because Chicho
He was always a star of the
television but the projects that he
presented they did not want to do them and he
He was crazy to do with me a
project of a series where I was Juan
of the thing that was in a cabaret
bottom of the cabaret and sent me
let's do it, let's do the study for
that I was surrounded by mice
mechanical mice eh eh in England
they made some wonderful mice
as if they were puppets but for real
They seemed real, but that never happened.
It reached a safe harbor and He presented many
things after the last stages of his
life geniuses that no ...
They didn't want to do it in the end I guess
I don't know Angel if I'm wrong correct me
It's I don't know if it's also a bit like the
humor, humor, that mime, everything that
For example, you personally did this
20 30 40 years today as it is
society or as we have
supposedly evolved in everything I don't know
if it would be broadcast on a program
television You think so
man today eh as it is
society I tell you no well then there
There's YouTube, you can do that. I was going to
always dressed in the latest fashion
that is still being carried out that a
constant repetition
eh, I didn't imitate anyone
local me for example what I could not
do is the kind of humor that I see
now on television in some places
It couldn't be more modern, that is to say, a thing
it was very modern
because he was an actor who did different things
characters and did not talk about current events
That was the topic I didn't talk about.
current events and now everyone is talking
of the present But then I
I agree that when I was there they were more
famous that nothing that I much time
before the morancos Tuesday and 13 the
Morancos keep doing what they do yes
But the Morancos have their audience
faithful but many people criticize them
feminism I mean you understand what I mean
I don't because I criticized him a lot
machismo with Pepi t arbury and I was the one
first thing that a normal gay man did who was
Juan de la cosa Total that was called
Juan de la cosa not by the cartographer
but for the thing of
Juan So the u was a fellatio the
microphone and put it in
fold And so on
successively the one who wanted me once
I was interviewed by Jess Quinter and he asked me
What will happen Angel when people
realize what you are saying
because of course the
people but I in the world of
I have always had a lot of intellectuality
good catch I don't know currently
Currently, YouTube has, I don't know.
how many constant millions of visits and
there's a lot a lot a lot of m or so that's a
stamp we are saying unrepeatable no
It means that I am the best but
different yes and and as I did not imitate the
Pantoja neither imitated what I am telling you nor
I did crude things because I was nothing
rude characterized me because being
a little bit elegant not to swear
don't be sissies don't make fun of
the defects
He didn't make other people's characters
surrealists and there it is as it has been so long
hung up, so whoever dares, well then
see me and give my opinion. So I think that
Peter Sellers, for example, a great actor
Chaplin is old and very modern
but well, the gossip is of the
conversations of these young boys
who laugh at their own graces
from the habit of making easy jokes about everything
scripted because don't forget that I am
premium partner of the general society of
authors from Spain because I have hundreds and
hundreds of scripts written, that is, my
works in the general society of authors
They are not variety works, they are works of
Great right or as if it were a
playwright or whatever because
My characters Anyone could
interpreting them today then is
For example, I'm going to give an example, eh, it is
as if right now we say that website
Story has become old because webside
Story has been recently and since the
50s has recently the Gran Via in the
comedy
I don't see any musical for that, it would be necessary
review a little the concept of
some people who have not followed my
trajectory and as it is there are hundreds and
thousands that by the way I don't know who
take the money from YouTube because I don't
I charge nothing by throwing I was throwing
precisely a glance I had at that and there is
videos with 2 million views
your performances of half a million 2
million 1 million and a half or so
People still watch it today
Who will take the money, I think?
that nobody eh I think they are not
monetized and are there uploaded by
for the followers and for the fans what
I know it is
that the record company Sorry sorry eh
Sorry what I know is that the
record companies for example, they arrive
agreement depends on the type of contract that
each artist has the record labels
YouTube channel or whatever it is
music video by the artist Gener on YouTube
Most of the time it is taken to the
record label is an example eh is a
example but I don't know it could be but I
I think they are fans here, right? Look at one thing.
What happened for example with Chicho was that
when I started doing performances and
such and such my show human people
which is also posted in chapters
on YouTube at the Alcal Palalas theater
Madrid
Well, that's where those came from.
characters So my self wrote one
work that was called human persons And
From that work a character was extrapolated
to give it television continuity
So, it is a work of great law.
That's also posted on YouTube by
chapters with tremendous success not that
I was all over Spain on tour afterwards
I did other works anyway
but what I am here to say is that I believe
that one of the most serious problems
that the
artist whether or not everyday and
current for what there is now because I do not
I call these gatherings humorists
make certain chains of people
young brat and brat making each other Thank you
and those
very vulgar things Not that they are laughing at
they from each other
this silly little girl's laugh and
brats
but it seems pathetic to me pathetic
because there is no distance from the artist
There's nothing like that, that's modern humor.
no no I don't think so among other things you also
I say not said by my mouth of others the
first monologuist that Hub in Spain
I went
Then they started making programs
of monologuists who do not know him
mother because they see very
cheap Yes man at that time a
little Look listen to me well pay very little
I think I remember from people from the
profession and by other artists and
colleagues who comment on it that what is
I earned 30 or 40 years ago, obviously not
It has nothing to do with the rabble
speaking badly and vulgarly about what is earned
Now both when you are going to intervene in a
program like when they hire someone
It's embarrassing, let's go to m To me that I
I love cinema and whether you like it or not, well
all my characters have had that
a bit of a cinematic point because
My grandfather was a film entrepreneur in my
town of La Lnea de la Concepcin
we have a lot of cinemas and I grew up
there then
I because I always ask myself what
Spanish comedian, it seems to you, I say
According to what people say, I don't look like
Nobody, but I have absorbed the culture.
cinematic to me what it seems is
that now there is another standard to measure the
measuring stick is not talent but
people follow you on social media
social totally totally clear Then
No no no I'm not telling you that I'm very
talented and since I'm not on the networks
No, what makes me sad is that there are people
with a lot of talent that for not being in
social networks are young from
a certain age or not Because what what what what
It turns out that by not being on the networks
social no no no you no I don't call you anymore
often exist does not exist if you do not have
networks do not exist and as I refuse
Besides, I have a concept, I say it
heart as you see I am surrounded by
art because it's the only thing I've invested in
in my life a collection of art Good
It's fine and it's the only thing I've
spent the
money but the truth is that I am
surrounded in my house by my surroundings
creative I keep painting I keep doing
I keep writing things, but they don't affect me.
I am called by the stages I admire a lot
Greta Gargo, at the age of 38, took off her
from the middle is that he left what he said
See you later and he never came back and another one
who did a similar thing in Spain
It was Marisol, but she's happy and I am.
happy if the project offered to me is not
the ideal one is not even though you have
even though you could see yourself in a
a certain moment that I do not believe in some
economic hardship or in need not it
you are faithful to principles I have had
economic difficulties, difficulties, thank God
It has not reached the point of bloodshed but
There has been a time economically above all
because one reason why I invested eh
much in the hospitality industry and when
I rented the premises and all that
things peed maybe a year without paying
So if not if yes I dedicated to
invest And no and they don't pay me and they don't
No one is kicked out and in this country they can throw you out
put
a year and a half then of course because I
I healed my back precisely to
have the Warrior's rest and I already have my
59 years old. Well, I would have already retired.
It's been a long time since you've been dedicated to
housing no Angel Sorry king that you
you dedicate yourself to housing, you don't have some
business with your sister that you are dedicated to
the real estate agency
noes rent no no no no no I I made a
museum restaurant in Malaga and that
building that is in a very good location
main I restored it and turned it into
a small palace and there I took along with
my partner from So that's that place with
much success for quite some time is
in front of the Cervante de Mar theater
so that's when I finished with
My partner realized that I alone did not
I could handle everything and then I decided
rent it but of course when renting it and has
many times the tenant does not pay
better For a year because that is a
economic deficit they see me referring to
even the richest billionaires have
billionaires which I am not but
The truth is that he walks and that he did not give of himself
That floor, my goodness, has brought you more
displeasures that good things is the floor
of the balcony not the one of the balcony is the one of the
balcony I guess you're laughing about that now
because let's go no that's not that everything came
because I was not with a person who
I was very sick, sick with an issue
that it is better not to talk
They talk about mental things, you can't
This country says nothing now, yes. Well, no more.
that later a judge said it not because
This guy me
He sued me because he said that I did it
had thrown down some stairs Thank goodness
that I had great friends there at that time
moment that they were Witnesses like me
great friend the painter Antonio Montiel
There was a great actress friend of mine and such and
which and well but but I had a really bad time and
as a result of this, the scandal that the chain
so happy
exploded it turns out that just months
Previously I had a local downstairs
Of Arabs now you can't say
Moorish Arabs are from Saudi Arabia Moors
They are always from the leather goods industry because
There are beautiful poems about the talking orca
from the Moorish eyes then began to
kick the door and when I looked out
The balcony was in such a state that I was so scared that I went out
from the shower and of course I saw I thought that no
Nobody saw me because there was nobody but
The police were down there hitting
kicking at my door And then I told him
that they were better to the Moor who was the one who
filled the entire square with garbage
shameful and terrible What was the scare
that I came out naked But well I gave
I said go to
Better Moor than the one who is a pain in the ass
Here I don't know why it would be because I had
the music was 12 at night ah lo
of music and street sweepers
Yes yes you are reviewing this today that
you said something like there was a lot
controversy because you told him something like
They are my employees who pay the Evi something
so it is true it is true it is true but
It was You put the music on because
They made a lot of noise too
no no no I was just taking a shower and
I was alone in my house and I had on
a song but let's go not one either
disco because I was alone then
surprised would be some neighbor or someone
because it would be me, I think it was already hot
in Malaga Because that's why it came out like that
because I was showering but
Shameless then from a one
surely behind a curtain in the
building a corner building
which is in front of my house took advantage
to record myself But that didn't come out there that
The guy kept it and sold it to the
happy chain that is a crime I think
He gave it away to the chain because he didn't pay for it.
I think he gave it away. Oh well.
gave away Well nothing I just spent medicines
and he won and if not, then good luck to him.
In life we go like this, it was seen that
I am well endowed
[Laughs]
Well, I don't know how far that was seen.
It was seen No, I didn't see that. I mean, it's not
that I want to see it eh It's not that I want it
see but it was not seen but let's go there
was aware that that balcony
had
has but was not seen was not seen 40 CM that
yes yes 40 cm 40 cm The
that the balcony is 40 cm
depth Then I conclude that I
I was with the body of ento but I was
the railing But nobody saw me
I could see myself from below because there is a building
in the secluded corner that has the
same height as me
building my mother is that what I
He said that was but
Well, other colleagues of mine from around the world
from the show they have taken it in
more situations
committed Hey but it was about that
If I'm not mistaken, either it was before or it was
after when you entered into great
Brother, I don't know if you regret it
having gone through the real estate world no no
No, it was not necessary for me to the great
brother they had called me a lot
times and always had said no as
any reality I have said no now
They have also offered me to go to I don't know what
Duo there I have said no to a great
Brother Duo, what are you going to do then?
of course not but it was
necessary with whom they wanted to mess you
because I'm not going to go with
If they have called you it is to offer you with
someone who was the
Someone hasn't told me who I am with
I would like you to realize that when
I was in Big Brother, the one who most
audience was when I left that
audience went down to the ground Oh the cl
According to the producer According to the producer
producer I have never been with the [ __ ]
fighting your clip fighting with a
Raf, I think that's the clip of that one.
Big Brother edition I don't know if you
From now on you regret that fight or
of something that he said or you would say the same thing to him
today he was a rude person he wanted
constantly attracting attention
life
unbearable and in fact, look at you when
I had to kick him out, I didn't kick him out, I kicked someone else out
person was not an immature person
that's good Now it seems that it is more
sitting But then it was
These intelligent people are unbearable
and cultured I am not interested in talking about her myself
What I mean is that
eh I went to Big Brother because after
of a vilification that of course they are
everyone sued eh the chain eh man
Lux operation they called me from the
police to encourage me to sue
then there is a lot that is a big
There is a dispute where I am not alone
many more
we are no no I am trying every
every time there is a new development What happens is that
it goes very
slow what called me called me
A police commissioner called me to
tell me the story because my lawyer
He couldn't tell me, he had to tell me.
directly tell the commissioner
then I said that I was one of the most
vilified ones were following me
piecework And then what about your family and
your family I understand my family
investigating my family my father who
My whole environment and I have already passed away.
I don't know something, I heard that there was someone
corrupt out there that was just like that But
Well, the one who buys stolen things is the one who
Buying stolen goods in this country is a
crime whoever buys it then if the
network bought it and the programs
They bought, in my opinion, it is a crime
Anyway I swear that I looked
could have sued the network and the
program for the images put those
images of me naked could also do it
having done
I didn't give any importance because neither
I was neither drunk nor drugged nor
was not raping nor was he abusing
no one or doing anything pornographic
I went out to the barcn of my house because I was
fed up with it but it's that as a result of
there from there to you they told you
that if you were that if you were a failure
ruined, or rather, I want to tell you it was a
pedophile crushing until now until
now less pedophile of all
my mother the most beloved person of this
country this is how we treat artists
person who has felt I can't
walk down the street of demonstrations
of affection from people because I left a
always fond memory that's why I
They say clearly not everyone can
Forgiveness is not something everyone can do
like pu nor did Jesus Christ like it
Everyone looks at how the poor guy ended up
but in my case I sit down
infinitely loved Always all my
life and there are people who have not loved me
Never. But well, what comes to me
besides that there are many positive things
standing up in the
theaters many praises many criticisms
fantastic and then one does not all the
world may like it but then I
I went back to Big Brother because
I knew how I was going to come out unscathed
before justice As it was If I did not
I would have gone to Big Brother, I don't know.
they would have found out my millions and millions
of people who were not my fault
Neither that I had done anything wrong
Of course, with this guy, my thing is F the
complaint and bad things become worse
viral than the good ones, that is, maybe
the topic of that would have made more noise
you had the trial And such But then the
solution not so clear for that reason but
Well, many more people found out that if I
I wouldn't have gone when I was already there.
Of course, and economically it was crap.
Let's go to stop, they paid badly already
there at that time they paid
They paid me a million a day
week or something like that 6000 just a week
Yes, I said yes to everything, but to all of them.
ways also eh with how there has been
so many thieves in the world of images
I'm not going to say about the show because
There have been more people talking than there are
They talk about the heart and all these things
that they have stopped paying taxes, I
I have always paid my taxes, yes
I wouldn't be with a yacht giving the
around the world if I hadn't paid the
taxes
but but since there has been so much then
then the policy became that
It's not like you have to pay anymore
The Treasury is already taking it away from you.
directly So he didn't win either
that earned half
Of course I was going to tell you clearly, I mean yes
If I charged, there are people who are
saying in the chat a million was money
in the 6000 era it was not the cache of
Angel Gar, that is, 6000 was a cache to the
best of a raf or of the contestants
these of women and men and vice versa
are
little things in
1994 in
1994 Spanish television bought
Hey, my special in Alcal palas de
Madrid for 65 million pesos Claro
Of course I expected you to catch a big one
brother was I know man I'm not going to you
say of 30
look and on tele5 to me when I was
Valerio Lzaro, who was director of Tele5
I was nominated along with Jesus.
Hermida and Pepe cars in to rest
the three most voted presenters by
the public I presented for Tele5 a
contest that was called yes or
n And then by the way he didn't win either
Jesus Hermida nor I won Pepe Carror the
poor man died shortly after heart attack
it seemed that the heart and And then
He died but Pepe Carol won but
We were the three nominated and I was the one
only nominee by tele5 yes or no and
I was paid 24,000 a day by Tele Cco.
That is why I tell you that it is and how
you agreed not to negotiate the cache in large
Brother It's that I know that in Big Brother
They pay less than in survivors
little bit It's that I was with one I was with
a certain strategy gave me what
Even if they paid me, of course, it wasn't going to happen.
to go for free but no, I didn't fight
No, no, what I wanted was for it to come out.
the trial And then I remember he came
my sister to tell me you're loose Yes and
You went out one day the judgment caught you inside
from the house you had to go with the
Auriculars and make the judgment Yes yes and that's it
Afterwards, Eh, when I was already out, I was already
gave me everything
same apart from that we had a person
with psychological problems as well, which was
the one that
the one who made our life that did not matter won
I say psychic not because I'm crazy.
but for the
strain yes intense no good intense me
I am also intense you can also be
intense not me me Good especially in the
stage for that reason but one thing is
intensity and something else is yes but
intensity is not making life impossible
to others something that she was not to everyone
really like that or
or is it a role that she acquired for
win the contest that everyone is in
put against and
playing the victim because that's noticeable
living with this quality of person A
What can I play? What can I offer?
I know that I, as no, I did not make us the
life she was thrown out more times than anyone else
in it
world to me was nothing more than the first
time and they kicked me out and thanks and I left and I
Thank God that by the way, Rab enters
and we met and I gave him a hug I say
Son, come, you need it.
King, but I recently rewatched your fight.
I love AR but the fight with
ar r that I think is wonderful you and me
we had a contact Angel passes that you do not
you will remember when you forgive forgive
Sorry that television tells you
racist to me Oh, I've had a partner
that I have had an Arab partner that I have
worked with people from South America who
I've had Mom Trini working with me
that I cared for her as if she were my family
that I have friends from all countries
I have a racist
I please but that is very hard that
as if they call you a pedophile or they call you
rapist I understand it so much damage that
I said
racist there you got fired up when like that
You can see the fire of anger on you
anger, anger already got to me because it was getting to me
I've been playing mine for quite some time now.
but let's go but let's go that it's a
risk that was also run, you know
What's happening with Raf? You see him and and and he's
as a civilian, it's like he tells you
things but in a kind of passive way
aggressive And then the one that turns you on
It's you and it's clear that he wanted you
approach me, that is, asked me to
made a portrait of him made a portrait of him
then I sent him that
split but not pair but it's that you you and
rf you are the absolute antithesis I think
That's why that mixture didn't clash so much.
and I hope that above all you say it at a level
cultural no no no that's why of course
totally that or
whether it is because we are going
It was law, he didn't finish it, no, no, no, not even
The one that twisted neither But look at the end
Don't listen to me. In the end, our mouths fell open.
in the sense that we don't give a damn
for his relationship with Isa Pantoja and there
They are still married and well, look at that.
I am very happy because Isa Pantoja is
a girl that I also treated in the
very polite program
Clear, clear, very much in its place and I like it
She seems like a lovely girl and you
I will also say that when we left
we left which by the way when it was
made the closing party of the great
brother then
eh everyone was coming up to me all the
boys and girls who were behind
the cameras to say pity when
I left, they had a terrible time because they
They had a lot of fun with my things anyway and
They approached, everything swirled and there
I agreed with Arr and Arr was with me
very correct, very affectionate, I think
that was a
paper and what is lived in the house already
then it is that in the house also in the
strategic coexistence my strategy
within the program it was nothing more than
make food that says it has never been done
They said they ate better on the show
that the smell of food was coming out
for the technical team and they were put to the
meal time they got sick because
then they had to eat a catering
of peppere of course and that's it and I did it
that I could and nothing more but that waits with
with Isabel Pantoja mother you have had
relationship at some point because you will have
coincided not throughout the
trajectory Well, look clearly in some
occasion and has always been a big fan
Mia has always told me very things
pretty and and But it has been even me
I remember that he invited me to go when he
He opened his restaurant in Fuengirola and
Curiously I couldn't go she inaugurated a
month and I was inaugurated the following month
and I couldn't go to its opening because
A brother of mine was getting married and it was the same one
day and as you can understand I couldn't leave
my
brother the voice we had a
contact that you will not remember because
I made a video for Verd that I
tried to delete from the internet let's go for
all possible means that was a
video I made
[Music]
criticizing you is talking we are
talking for a long time
time
clear true It's that it wasn't
precisely your friend and then I
I agree that you saw the video and that you
twitter Ah, well I really liked it.
This video from Javier for helping her By
I almost tried to help her.
man, if I'm not mistaken, I don't know
did a live ultrasound or something
similar was not something or am I dreaming it
does it all live all in one
program that Fu wanted to put on me and
I said please I wasn't going to look at it
because I
It turned out to be green to see if he has children
has children to make the videos of
YouTube seven children and she's still climbing
videos because he is living his
the second part of smiles and tears
Julie Andre no Jo O's movie
whether at the end of the stage of great
Brother, what came next?
When you got out of there because you followed a
little linked to television it may be or already
or you already made a clean slate and there was no more
nothing that
say once that I was that they made me The
what is this called the cop the cop s
save me when I was presenting it
This boy is so tall and so handsome that
so elegant What is Jorge Javier's name?
ah
And then of course I understood it
I understood it. Ah no, no, [ __ ] me. I don't
I was expecting him, he's handsome
Elegant treats women of cinema has
eaten all his life of of of topics
wonderful is nonpartisan he is neither
neither right nor left, that is to say,
I love it, well, let's go another day.
monologue for Now it turns out that I was and
then it was for the coefficient
intellectual that by the way the girl who
He did it to me, he said he had a
very high IQ
all for the artistic part no
Let's say I'm not going to invent the
third atomic bomb but that by
the artistic part yes because I
They made some drawings and some things
and it was a program like that plus the network
after
defendant alleges but of course but there is the
chain or they are sued
there chain all you would not go anywhere
program to none Sorry sorry like me
I have not sued personally, I have
said yes to everything that is fair
So the one who takes it is my lawyer, her.
she will know according to her everyone but well I don't
I know who they all are, maybe they are Libra
Someone I don't know, that's the producer
As such, this is not something I wanted.
sue let's see if I explain myself no
I wanted to sue
determined by certain non-issues
This was because a guy called me
police commissioner from Madrid to
tell me that I would have the obligation to
sue x and then I put him in
of my lawyer and she is the one who has
in charge of discerning who has to
being sued and not but let's go
According to what he tells me, we are not going, not even he is saved
prompter I don't know anymore and they have attacked you again
call from a program on the network
yes yes yes yes yes yes of course if they just
Big Brother Duo called the girl who
makes the program of the ends of
week to interview me
for party not party to go to some
another site and I said no that they are
all sued Well it will be just the
producer I say for myself that they are all already
I am not the one who is saved as I have not been
sued with his finger has sued him
see
the evil done because my lawyer Nobody
better than she knows apart she communicates to me
things very very like that very calmly and
that I don't worry about anything, nor do I expect anything
nothing, revenge, nothing more than this
seek justice because 40 have passed
towns just as I saved I did my thing in
your moment I think that all of them
quotes damaged not by those
red lines that have been crossed many times
sometimes you should make a documentary
you have never done it
raised man if they call me for
Do it Listen to me, I'll negotiate it for you, Angel
because it is 6000 per gh Look at something else that
They have told us something else too
that I treated myself clearly
Maruja related the vase she was carrying to
his mother on all fours and Pon touched himself
about her and my mother is a lady who
she looked gorgeous on television
very elegant and prepared and a woman with
the green eyes that are a marvel that
He's only 17 years older than me and by putting your
mother and everything when they saw my mother with
That divine yellow chestnut then
then they stayed dead because it is
that even for that, that is evil already
refined or rather I don't know what malice it is, not me
I think it's that they discovered that
when I've been out all my life but
working without working in interview
no interview I hope this is the same
the audience has increased by one
barbarity And seeing how bad it was for me I went up to
the audience is a barbarity because if not
I was ruined. It's because my mother hit
if it wasn't that he was sick once to me
I had surgery a few years ago, 4 years ago
I had surgery for very serious peritonitis.
agreement I took it out but why you
I talked to you and
I was well in the chiron that I was
operated the number one eminence one
internists Csar Ramrez a doctor
wonderful and of course he did a marvel
of operation and I was great and
when I'm on TV in my my
a private room, let's say, there in the Chiron
Well then, buh, because I pay my
health insurance Not because I am more
that nobody paid my health insurance and when
If one gets sick, one uses what
you are paying one that is not cheap for
c and then the TV was on and in
the angel nurse by God that
we are not But what happens I put the
Tele Bomba was presented by the girl so
beautiful beauty
So she has something for everyone, poor thing.
that
not handsome, the one who is handsome must say so
It must be said that we are handsome.
you are very ugly we are
very ugly look what I was saying I that
And then bomb and the bomb was that
They had a whole program saying
bad feeling that I was dying of
heart and the phone no
stopped Don't blame Paz Padilla who did
because she is the one who says it but
I don't blame those thieves Paz Padilla, I don't
I blame her. The creature has nothing.
guilt ate ate from the Circus but not
was guilty then the story is that
that nothing that bomb bomb and my mobile no
people in my family stopped ringing
broken down cu No I was in a
postoperative of one and that came because
They called me from Telemadrid on the phone
Angel we believe that you have had a
operation an intervention Yes, well look
the first one they've ever done to me in my life
I say but an appendicitis already passed and
I can stand the pain a lot, I say, and then
Well, that's it and they had to operate on me.
urgently but I'm doing great I'm
very well attended I have girls who
boys come in and go out, boys come in and go out
They come out and they are watching me and I
I have no pain and I no longer have pain and
Well I say And it is more and in this fantastic
team I have asked the team
doctor who already passed by that my father
He had just died of a heart attack, I say.
I have never had any problems
heart, let me have a check-up too
to see if I have any problems or
that it be since I am here that I stay
I want to leave here clean of everything because
to name that bomb Angel Garo
dies of
is that listen to me Angel also
you literally imitate it very well because
They said bomb and he told that clearly and
so it turns out that that that that I
I was watching it until the end I was
watching the program and with the mobile
caring for people but I'm in bed
with my dropper And then it ended
he
program and there was neither bomb nor
no firecracker or anything They didn't say anything
It was to keep people in suspense by talking
barbarities of a human being but what
I have done this to this
chain apart from being conscious apart
of being aware of the style so so so
brilliant they have
eh, in the end it's really you
that you have been in for many years
I don't know if you can say that this stage
It is where you have realized the most how
works a little or what is the
evil on television because you will have seen
of everything too Not everything is wonderful
It's that I always but well I
evil let's see after that I did
I intervened, these guys called me
that the javis who are charming me
They called for four chapters of La
I made four chapters of Claro Company poison
by Jorge Javier
vque Don't you
I think I saw the one they called them But you have
I have seen the poison, yes I have seen it but
I don't remember. I do, because I was the one
journalist who was constantly
interviewed on television he spoke about
the poison and the death of the poison has
dead the poison sun told me so
I have to see it again, I saw it a while ago
time m they called me to play de
Cantizano, they called me to do it
when he interviewed the poison in the
Antena 3 program Cantizano Chico
he is so handsome
that is handsome and then that is good
Well, they called me to do the
handsome
And then what happens when they saw me
In the first chapter the Javis
making the character you're not going to do
all as if it were a single person
that has been in the path of the
poison in different chains Then it is
They invented something where I
example he was a cantizano but later
I used to appear on another program
television to the years Let's say as if
it was such a thing Within the argument
where I pretended it was
eating or rather like they did in
Save me was a parody, save me a wink
of course a nod to save me a nod to
cantizano a wink That is to say to all those who
were and in fact at the end when they did not
It happened like this in real life. But well,
argument at the end that dreamlike thing
where you can see the ashes flying
The poison makes me a close-up
watching the ashes fly and all
those things were from the eight
Chapters four and then I'll tell you one
something there that we finish and does not enter
people who are hanging on YouTube for
which I have received a star on the
Las Vegas Walk of Fame in Las Vegas
Vegas is the Latin Walk of Fame is
like in the Chinese Theatre in Hollywood
Well, Las Vegas is, well, Jul Church
There are a lot of singers and artists
Latin Americans and I received in
Well, at the end of the pandemic I received that
award or that I already have Las Vegas one
star on the ground and it was for one thing
I invite everyone to see what a
short film that I wrote as
Tribute to Chichos Ibaez, the sawyer of
the horror movies he made that
It is called the suitcase with a u, the suitcase
suitcase Ah You told me this two or three years ago
I remember that you were doing it for three years.
It is a short film that lasts about 14 or 15 minutes.
minutes and something of a woman's woman
Argentina that tells a story I'm not going to
to say what Because the mystery is
discover in the
short film And that's on YouTube
complete short film called ngel Gar
the suitcase
directed sadly passed away a long time ago
little time eh a director with hungo already
had the
Hungarian Miguel Becerra
which is from my town on the line of the
Conception read my script and had it
I wrote it a long time ago and then
I did it and then with a costume
fantastic by ngel Palazuelos great
designer from Malaga and then in
America won many awards in Cartagena
of the Indies as best actor
Latin America and there they gave me one
fantastic [ __ ] with this script here no
so much so that I am not going to give a detail
nothing more is not an abuser is a
abuser and I think that's it
politically it was not correct Because if
Let's talk about this topic. Yes, it is possible.
it is not possible it is not possible that something like that
a short film of that nature
It has been super awarded in other places and
Here in Spain we are not going, it's just one thing
Well, it seems very good to me, I haven't done it yet.
I saw that I didn't know he was talking about a woman
in this case, an abuser, but I
Honestly, I don't mind commenting on this.
I don't know what they will think, obviously there is
There are also women who abuse
psychologically And there is no F but
Of course they exist and be careful
Be careful, it makes me angry. Okay, tell me.
Look, honey, it's just that I'm going to see.
the first one who is against evil
Well, not against it, if I feel like it.
you make me want to vomit
say or so how am I going to pretend that
Let's say it's good that a woman
be subjugated by a man or another
woman or whoever a woman is like
As a woman you have to have your own
Independence in every sense of the word
loved and not mistreated like that
example, I don't think it's correct that
mistreat men in any way and
me and neither to gays like the boy
This Samuel, who, look at you, what a horror, no
in the world in the world there is also
many the violence is terrible but that
In this case this film does not claim
nothing It's just a movie
terror So being a movie of
terror is like I don't know there are movies
wonderful as it was of Baby Jane
that that that a woman
be upset that I myself am
feminist It is that the woman is not
I'm clear about it, that's what it is.
that having such I am now also It is
It is true that there is a very interesting book
They say they kill better
And even though there are more Even though there are more
men who abuse women are
It is true that nothing more than there being one like
equal human being that is with the
Man, if we are equal, we are equal in what
good and bad and the human soul does not
There are so many works also about
evil characters men and characters
evil women because Walt Disney is bad
only that there were women, the stepmothers
you know things are Mad but the truth is that it is
It is a delicate subject but in this
case I think that with politics
acria already taken to the limit that we have
I think it's not because I'm staunch, it's because
because it is wrong
the topic of is badly told
the mistreatment of women is wrong
told or poorly explained something is wrong
If not, I wouldn't keep killing so much.
abusing so many men so many
women but the truth is that I have not
I wanted to claim nothing with this, I did it
What I wanted to claim is that there is
evil people in any field
That's what I always say anyway
totally apart from that there is one thing
You'll tell me in the short film.
In short films, I have always been
liked that people make their own
final is to say in this script that I
I wrote and that I
I interpret, I don't know, there are people who think
that he was the bad guy and she was her
reacts and yet there are others who
They think the other is a victim and
She reacted badly, so she is not there
everything as closed within the script as
to say that she was bad or he was
Bad but the truth is that she takes
letters in the matter in a very way
decisive so until the end no
I'll find out how Oye and Angel do it
now that you have retired to the countryside
I imagine you're calmer now.
you are active because I suppose
that you are going to say yes because someone
Like you, I believe that his creative mind that or
be creative your inner world your art
no, no end, no limits, I imagine
Yes, but it is not good either, you have to leave it.
also that today's people look for their
road and surely people will come out
extraordinary Of course yes as
It has always happened But it has to be
something different or what breaks A
Who do you think Angel looks like?
Garo acting, you tell me that to no one
but because you have a lot of signs of
identity an overwhelming personality
for worse you do not leave anyone indifferent
So that's Angel Gar and he always goes
to be Angel Gar but I mean that
Now I almost don't want to
say now they would have to be projects
projects that I would like to do and what if
No one comes out and no one remembers me
for something that I, well then, well no
I will do it I don't know for now let's say I
actually V that I repeat again
that I would have retired already
time I have always seemed to me
wonderful to retire on time because
There is another way to retire but that one
It is less pleasant than being a pretty corpse.
as it happened to James Ding or as it happened to him
They passed on many young artists who
They died unfortunately but to retire
on time As Marisol did As she did
Greta Garbo as so many people have done
I'm not really going to say names.
because they are people I admire But
There are people who, for example,
singers who are already of an age in
the TV and on TV for example you talk
people like that eh Sorry Rafael people like that O
so it was Rafael who did it
Rafael does it, it's spectacular. You already do it.
Rafael is still spectacular people
wonderful Yes but the thing is that there are
artists and artists, that is to say there are
artists who already say I have already given what
had to give and there are artists who
They want to die on stage there
artists that people applaud and
sing an encore and another encore and another encore and
another encore and they leave and that's like a
drug truth me me the only thing I can
to say that my shows lasted two
hours and a half of me jumping Brando alone
making a lot of characters
singing Dancing just like that I what
I wanted to go to my
house Hey Angel, well Jorge Javier too
did
theater
Yes I also believe
but he did not enter the B as well
I told you yes I told you
jokingly to see how you would react
But well, this person stops me.
I can believe absolutely every man
smart is eh smart is now
how to use intelligence Sorry sorry
no not being smart in this country is
a disgrace You have to be smart good
you have something for everyone
and you came to answer him saying like
if I were putting here the people of
[ __ ] or [ __ ]
no nothing nothing nothing said handsome more than one
[ __ ] the power the power of let's say of the
communication if I say that someone is
very handsome, very handsome, it is not up to us
He told us but oh well, it's okay.
Yes, no, we have told him ugly things
Angel, you didn't reach Willy Toledo.
never to respond to what he said
about you wily Toledo Willy Toledo to me
studied with also together with Penelope
cross and all this in Cristina
broken with teacher Cristina broken that
She became my coach once I became a scholarship student.
Penelope and he had a hard time with classes
Not me and I wasn't because she was my friend
that I came from the line with a bad one
front and another back because my father was
truck driver with 60,000 pesetas can be Yes
and 30,000 pesetas I came to Madrid and
then 30,000 saw me took mine
Patterson who was the one who premiered the
musical Evita with Paloma San
Basilio took turns and Paloma and I
Patterson was a singer who also
He retired in time, fantastic that was the
first Spanish actress I believe
remember at the Olympia in Paris and mine
Paterson premiered Evita along with
Paloma San Basillo And then she
Cristina spoke broken and says you have to see
to this guy who performs in Berlin cabaret
you have to see it and when it came it came to me
He tells me you don't have a roof, son, you don't have one.
roof do you want to come to my classes I want
He says he's coming but nothing. V is going to be on a scholarship.
And then I kissed Then the first of
the first jobs that we gave to A
This boy, the actor, this communist
What is Willy Toledo like? Willy Toledo Toledo
too tolerdo is one of Twitter Toledo
Toledo toled Toledo to the communist this eh
I gave him a job
He did, however, act as an extra in one
thing in a special that I did for
Antena 3 and now the guy is giving you the cold shoulder
Well green I don't think he told me
They have told it, I think he said that
green yes how can it be so
stupid basically comes to say a
homosexual being right-wing voting for
those who are against your rights
I don't know what I don't know how many basically that
you are stupid he told you in other words
Well, but well, a homosexual who knows
He I had three girlfriends in my life.
I'd rather not be
homosexual Well that lasted me 5 years 5
years another two and already
I decided, well, with boys, that's it, you know.
He of me I do know that as I am not of
right-wingers have made me right-wingers
I am totally liberal because everyone
We artists are artists of
nativitate So I don't I maybe
I wouldn't go to sing to Franco or to
act for him I don't know but without
However, I have decided that within the
What is inside what is there are others
options that I see as more sensible nothing
more and there he stayed with him and he the
outdated communism then I do
The only thing I could say to this one
poor boy is getting old
very bad indeed because he I think that
He's my age. Yes, man, your age. How many?
years old and is aging badly
see if he's going to see this and respond to you
let's see but it seems that it has
really eh No Because it's here but
You look like you're 15 years younger than them.
20 less I had surgery and I'm going to be 60
On January 12th, you have it very well.
fulfilled eh the truth thank God you
listen let it last It's true It's true that you
I say that it is aging badly in the
sense that that already your your your your
pathological politics is already there, that is
modern that does not exist Now we have to
to question everything, you have to question it
to the left to the right To everything and
vote for whatever suits you a little bit
better because I have always been
nonpartisan eh In fact I have not said to
no one to whom
I vote what I do not know who not
I would vote for that but I also
also be someone who you wouldn't vote for as you say
you to the far left as you say to a
the far left nor to the left of
nothing You see It's that you said it I heard a
interview and I say I think like an angel
there or that is that the left you have to
vote of those who are there the one who Claro Mira
If the left is what we have, we don't have it.
I want that's what I say clearly and as
center and since the center does not exist there is no
Surez there is no center
well
then I'll have to go to something else
What I like the least is that what I
I think Willy Toledo is 54 years old.
They say he is 5 years younger. Well, still.
worse
It still demotivates, it demotivates. Look at the
age age age has never been to me
I never ask anyone interested in me
Nobody's age makes me very angry.
They ask me how much I give because my
Mother is in her 70s and looks like
He's 60 and I'm genetics is genetics
Maybe tomorrow I'll become one.
Corinthian pass wrinkled but My skin is
The one who is me has not done anything at all
moreover I can't even put on cream
because my face is a little oily and I
I put full of the story is the
next to me I don't care about the age of
nobody but even worse because if you have
6 years younger than me
No
I know, but come on, I said it gets old.
bad because at those ages it is already so
communist no
glue that they are going to put I tell you one thing
what are they going to put on me
green left on Federico Garca
Lorca is
regrettable what they have
fact was nothing of the communist party
nor anything like that they are talking about, that is
lie So investigate well and
Pedro Garca Lorca was put in his
house one of the phalanx who was his intimate
friend he was like me who was not
partisan he lived his moment and his
creativity but the use
vulgar and absurd that they do
communists who came from Russia where
homosexuality was prohibited
absolutely the same as Franco here that
Don't give yourselves medals for Federico, eh?
the LGBTI
nor that they know nothing about the orc that
Study the orca please yes always
They have always used the orca and I tell you
One thing Angel I'm thinking that you
you were on Twitter I don't know if
you would last a week so for that reason
that there is not for you eh For what there is without
saying these things eh No no no no yoy
Twitter and these things no no no that
Write whatever you want because as if not
I am not interested in Leos at all.
It would not do me any more harm than good.
example a great writer or a person
a high-level intellectual is cultured because
had a bad opinion of me But oh well
I say that Jesus Christ was put in a
cross and I do not reach Jesus Christ nor
to the small nail neither to that nor to the speck
of dust that stuck to him and he looks at it
What did they do to the man? No, you haven't.
raised henchman you have not raised
write your memoirs because you have
things to tell that you stay like
enthralled listening to you you know Yes well look
Heaven, I have them started but you know what?
It happens that there comes a time when I have
I hope to mature even more than I have left
that has matured me until my life has
I think it has been quite a lot and because it came a
moment when I already started to
I started to sweat
sweat because because if I don't say it
true no no I mean I can't
aromatize
the lie
then there came a time when
I had to give names and data and such
And now I say, and if I don't tell it, what?
This is funny. Then I hope to be
older if I get older and Y
then everything is even more the same to me
of what it gives me now to be able to
write my truth for real J people
the real people I'm reading
comments that say I asked you
It's embarrassing to ask yourself this question if
are
Carrasquel, you Javi, let's see, that's what it is
No, but man, let's see. I think I think that
It has been answered simply with the
conversation we had with the tanker
It is the people who are car drivers, it is the people who
supported no no tanker carquiz face What
Carquiz is the people who supported Perdn
I will tell you that I have a goddaughter who is
a beauty named Kira from here
If you saw me, I would send you kisses.
larger ones that come very often to
see me at my house where he is studying
and this thing about teeth How is it?
dentistry dental prosthetics prosthetics
dental and is from India Ah well
We send a kiss, a huge kiss. But
live in India or live here live in
Malaga because she wants It's next door
from his Godfather and lives in Malaga
Now cystic faces are things of the
fight between Roco Carrasco and Antonio
David is the controversy that there was with
the documentary that seems to me that
shameful for both
parts on both sides What does it refer to?
that neither of them liked you, right?
So both of them praise me, no, no.
I don't like him or dislike him, I say.
television show seemed to me
deplorable That's it, I don't think it was
necessary to take that to do it a I don't know
such a show No
Well no, it gave something to talk about in
Spain, which is already 3 years ago or so
for not Although you lived in the countryside like
so you wouldn't find out. I mean, it was inevitable.
In the end it was all day all day long.
I had a couple from Arab Tangier
Muslim, besides that she was a beauty and Y
so when I had the TV
I said because I am just Popular in
northern Morocco because that
watch Spanish television Then
when I first arrived in Tangier
There they ate me because there it is something else
It's another way to react. Well here
They have also eaten on the street many times
times and it still happens sometimes
but in TNG that was madness and
so of course he knew me when we
we met we met in Malaga And
so I took him to several programs
and we were and he always said to me and
What artist is this? I say no. That's the one.
sister-in-law of Roco's brother's girlfriend
Jury F your fate you or how you
You explain to people the famous people of
Here that is the one who married the daughter
of the maid of the
Pantoja
fabric or so on and so on. And
then he was going crazy and he
He said no, I said and that mob charges
that rabble
I said chucha chucha like Marina says
rabble But that happens in the United States
at least in other countries too
Come on, the heart programs are
gossip is the sister's cousin
of the one who knows where least happens knows where
Curiously, less happens in France
France the heart programs No ni
there is
magazine with a large French audience, not Javi
No, it is understood that no, because of what I
Angel is saying, clearly not the truth.
It's not that but well but with you the
press has always been until now
last stage has been appreciated no And you
with her because before things were not like that
like now or rather wants to tell you a lot
a lot a lot a lot but apart from that it's that I
I had my image consultant Jusep Lozano
from Valencia that I did many times
things related to the world of
fashion in cosmopolitan vogue
I did a wonderful campaign with
Ins asre who was called handsome with
shoes that looked like we were getting married
later with my great dear friend
Jaqueline de la Vega we also did
lots of fashion stuff in magazines
specialized but of course I didn't give
realize that at that time my
couple was very famous was Juan Antonio
the one the blond ate and then nobody
HE
never found out because I had totally
Hey, let's say it about Juan Antonio.
Now because they have talked about me in
the TV and his colleagues saying that
there was
left it was not known that no that is not known
I knew the exclusive had just come out
clear
Oh, I just found out right now that
I just found out right now of course
Juan Antonio ate it according to his
mates, well I knew it but come on
left the team the group for me let's go for
me because because
the policy they had at that production company
It seems to be with the talil that was the
producer that I personally do not have
The pleasure of meeting you, I saw it on TV
talking about me talking about me let's say
saying that And
then we were very happy we had TR
years and a bit together But he left the group
for me because they didn't let him have it
couple then stay with me and in
that time I didn't drive because
You have to understand me, I want
Explain to me that it didn't make me famous
the journalists in my house made me
the public then that's where that comes from
love hate with the theme of the heart and the
journalism of the heart that is of me
They have never been able to get a slice of the pie because
I
never you How that they have not been able to t
in which they have fed back, that is to say,
chop
clear end because there have been these
reasons but I never me Carlos
ferrando for example me
I saw that with respect from Marias.
respected because they knew I didn't sell
nothing now what has happened to the
Pantoja what has happened to him is fair or
No Or to Roco Jurado or other singers
and things are because they depended on something
way of the press Yes man him
invited to his birthdays and the press
He was at home selling weddings
floors banquets communions then
Of course, that's already getting into the game.
with all due respect a little bit
mafioso who has the issue of the
press of the heart you give me I give you
I keep quiet and you tell me, you tell me and no
And that is older than [ __ ], that is what it is.
have done all the journalists of all
the life of the heart above all Then
What happens is that since they couldn't with me,
There was a reason then. Of course, yes.
there was a reason for the scandal that
It would have been two boys as handsome as
At the time we were Juan Antonio and I
the blond and the brunette and nobody
I suspected that is to say, our environment more
closer closer my family my
friends but as my friends were not either
from the world of
spectacle because everything was formed in that way
way what
strong and also had a very relationship
important with another very famous person
that I'm not going to name because they haven't
named before very handsome By the way that
presented a wonderful program and
Nobody found out either because
Well, I'm not going to tell you.
say Jaime cantizano not Jess vquez
That was the same fifth
not who you think
who is 10 years younger than me ah
but I met him, we knew each other since
Cristina
broken you are giving fabric to
ver was 17 years old and
had is Jorge
Javier I don't see it I don't see it I don't see it
I see I'm talking about that was a beauty
okay different different okay whatever
now he will be 49 years old who can be
but now it's still on TV Only
he was very handsome, very handsome, very handsome, not anymore
I don't know now, but at the time it was.
famous before me well come on how
It is possible to be famous at 49 years old.
before you if you were already famous with no
the story is fitting me, let's not
See when we met I was 17 and I
more than him 26 17 my mother
m nothing Javier
Barden was not a little bit finer
fine, finer, yes it is a bit stupid
Barden does have his thing, but I fall for it.
eh I don't get it no no no it's that he doesn't want to no
wants doesn't want man but we are in
plan joking joking I have spoken it
of what he ate because they named him in
television and I said it on Slvame
save me he came in Call from the chain
happy to ask me and then I
I said that everything had been happy because
It was the truth with Juan Antonio I was very
happy What happens is that life is
things arise from distancing and
of history and that he is already bored and that
we were very young and such and such and so
chose to leave but we went
very very happy
very much and thanks to Juan thanks to Juan
Well, he introduced me to all the artists.
when they were going to tour Latin America
that like my friend Roco Durcal who was
godmother of the Indian girl too so
n more than the godfather remains because
Roco Durca Marieta was the godmother and I
The Godfather So now like her
sadly passed away greatest love
for her wherever she is because she was
Although when I hear yes obviously
the comparisons but when I hear
Saila takes me a little to her eh me
It has a little bit of sweetness, very
uff Ricky Mar
and what are the people in the ch
Playing the Quiniela you know a little bit
Of course they have already stayed there with the con
the little thing And you'll be playing the
quiniela to see if it's right, says one says
Rodolfo
Sancho Ricky is very cute But I will tell you that
you lower the tears in Jeep
eh Enrique Enrique yana I am I mean
people have an imagination people
It's very good, eh, I mean, my goodness
I swear to God that it's not worth it, Jordi.
Cruz, that one is right.
It's leaving it now, but leaving all this now
all this has arisen has arisen because of
how discreet I have always been and
Imagine the shock of seeing me involved
a story of this with a person who
that is unknown and nameless and me and
Things happen to me so you can see that
You can never say, "Oh, it's not going to happen to me."
and that's why I have never given any space
I have attended to the press all over the world and
I have always said that he can do it for you
say that says let's go This is going to be a
something so soft and pretty and I don't know what to say
I say no no no no if I know one
interview I answer all the
questions I don't do like him
President of the Government, this is not for me.
Even today a character without any
type of merit that is not your case that
You are one of the few left with whom
HE
Jord Cruz eh it's Jordi Cruz but Jord
Cross is
heterosexual Jordi Cruz hetero is hetero
Jordi Jordi is the one from Master no Ah No He
of Art att the of The of Art
att is 48 years old we have
caught
car
little thing of course
face no with that person no no applause
in the chat for whoever thought of it
Bravo So we won't get anything out of this.
It's between us Angel, really no
Get out of here we promise you Almost almost
but not Almost almost Jordi Cruz with whom
Jordi Cruz worked almost almost man
Jordi Cruz has always been handsome.
handsome
I don't know how to put a face to that guy now. I mean
that Jordi Cruz swims
He was the legendary one from that program
that I did maneuvers there on the ground
crafts
crafts I already put a face but no it is not
Come on, let's leave that already.
come on no but people do it with
honey or I'm already seeing the
chat Juried by
Okay, people in the chat are amazed.
with you Why will it be I don't know maybe it is
because you make me feel good
Oh look at this tender Angel, I don't
I know of course I'm used to seeing more
why I don't know if ngel Manuel is the one
same as Angel Gar or the person and the
character go together or not, nothing to do with each other
I am not this politician who says that
you don't know if it's the character or the person
What I do know is that I am not my
characters that S I know no but I eh am
that's how I've always been with my friends
They know me like that. Anyway, if you
They tell you in a closed place that you are
A racist, well, I'll eat the walls. Hey.
But that affects you a lot, eh Angel, I'll tell you.
I've noticed that you're like you're ...
nailed me, I am what will it be that I am so
I'm used to being told why
I would probably do the same if they told me
rapist and it seems like a very thing to me
hard and very strong and antagonistic to me
totally in saying that I am
racist but one thing that someone told you
note in a fight many years ago that
never then many things are not true
I remember that the Nobel Prize winner
came with me who won the contest
great
bad brother to the one who writes essays
philosophical to the
Peruvian, one day in a discussion I said
Go on, daughter, and go to Peru now. Oh r
No, if I had been from Cuenca I would have
said Go to Cuenca now Go to
basin the comment the comment Clear
Yes, it is true that it may sound like
Go to Peru Go to your country not as you give to
see racism racism is that you attack
Someone has been belittling his ethnicity but
If that and the Moor, the Moor is a Moor of
Morocco Moor is called Moors who do not
say no one the same Look at us
Spaniards in America call us Galicians
and I am not Galician, I am
Andalusian and here the Moors have been Moors
and you live and it has never been said with
derogatory because not me
Never for me a person from Morocco is
Moor of the Moorish quarter
but the same
much word that they say is not
Arabs Arabs were in Spain were
Arabs who came from Arabia but not them
Those from Morocco are Moors from Morocco
and that's it
and there was a time when it could not be done
say
black So what did he say about color but
They hadn't removed that, it's uglier, that's it
even uglier, eh, or rather the subject of
to say color, that is what it is
horrible eh because it distinguishes them from
He who is offended, he who is offended by
These nonsense are beyond words.
shitty Moor Yes of course shitty but
to be called a Moor from Morocco
the same word can be offensive
or it may not be descriptive it may be
offensive for example fat is not the
Just like you say, damn, I'm really fat.
I have become very fat after the
vacation to you saying that he is fat
I said it very fat, however, without
However, there are many couples who
They say fat, fat, fat, fat, of course, one
same word can be offensive or not
depending on the context Look right
just what I'm reading just what
I'm reading in the chat what it is
I was going to say before that I would swear that they have
removed even the conguitos because that
could result in offenses are asking that
remove it but that is a fight that
How are we going if we do it if they get it?
You know, if you don't tell me, you can buy 100.
before the Well, look at my land in
My land, the Salamu are called chochos
bu yes machismo machismo what is said to
the sweet potatoes but what C
in C The chochitos of course the altam muces
chochitos chit now the alames Yes but
you said artam
monkeys not lupins yes yes the altam
muces are lifelong flirts here
They are also what lupins are
lupins are a
species is that I don't know it's like a
legume a legume that has a
little skin thing like that and they are soaked
In salt water the skin is removed
and that's it Ah that in the cinemas in the cinemas
They sold a lot in the cinemas of
summer and all those things were sold and in
the bar is serving some chochitos
Of course, all my life, no, it doesn't give me what I need.
same
see intellectual conversation I am
leading to paths But well I think
that you imagined Angel a while ago
decade that you would be one night in
YouTube talking to us about
chochitos No, the truth is that I haven't
raised but tonight I'm not going to
sleeping thinking about it, what's life like?
How is life? No, but look also.
angel that you have the ability to
adaptation of being a cultured man
intelligent who has lived everything he has
lived at an artistic level
professional to adapt to another type
also of conversations no more more more
more colloquial mundane ways of saying no
nothing happens you know
You who in my house am saying I live
without living in me and such a high life I hope and
I'm like that no No colloquial man and and
As they say in my country, I have very
good hits say what happens that
and he tells jokes very well, which
It happens that I have never lived from
tell a joke but as a Garitano that I am
I have a constant sense of humor, no
It makes you angry when you might be in
I'm sure it happens to you that you are at a wedding
or you're in a meeting or whatever and you
someone jumps and because you are from each and you
They say, let's see, tell a joke that's like
They think it's like, "Oh, that's what I do."
I have been told many times Look at the one with the
jokes I have not told a joke in my
life Oh they also tell me Oh look at me
You were so popular when you went out dressed
I say I didn't go out dressed in Chinese.
never of
Chinese because he said that
Chin ena that the black dresses
What a big, very big curly hair in
my [ __ ]
what an epic life you are doing
This is Angel Garo here making us feel good.
love this it's not paid Angel eh And
of course it's literally not off
literal
literal Well, we listen to me but what
Big Brother, I'll send you some little things.
you know there but worse than great
Brother, hey Angel, do you think you would be?
able to ask people here This is
a test that everyone has to take
go from asking people to like
that I like you and that I share it
direct and that I like you so that we
better position and see us please
I ask
Juan de will earnestly ask you
the thing Oh yes Please I can't do it
I believe I am
Here you have to vote and you have to
do your part to give it to him
the button is a
read in the
I gave everyone a lot of divine care
like l l l like So many
kisses I'm going oh please what
wonder sio for a fantasy eh What
Well Angel, we don't deserve you, you're not doing well.
Now woman, what you don't deserve from me are the
neighbors not two friends who are
hoping they had dinner very early Ah
but let them come out in the live show that we
tell something about the position
dinner Mar you don't tell him you don't tell him
go tell us not to steal any more of your time
no no no let your friends come in
Come on, let's go, he's asking us
such that you sing to us it is seen not because it is
They are going to sleep over, they are there, they are there
in pajamas and they go to their bedroom
that they have had dinner I am not in
fast forgive us for we have stolen from you
a long time but it is that with you He
Time flies son that's what
Call me another day, call me
another day Ah well I'm going to take your
word because we're going I'll be there for two more
or three hours Here with you listen pass
It happens to Angel like when I fall in love
Time flies by, it's true.
Oh how beautiful and me and I Sleeping
just go see your friends with your friends yes
but we are not as if we were three
Telem dolls with all the same bed
Each one has his own bedroom. Oh, by the way.
You know I'm free, I'm free like
the wind I don't want to ask you
because you might as well tell me something
and I say I don't know if it means yes
have a partner or not but oh well since it is
You announce Hey, well, what happened to me?
I want to have a partner, a son, a son
but I have had it in him for a long time
Farmhouse I have chickens
I have my
puppies
I have olive trees to pick some olives
pears
In short, it is a very nice place
bucolic Hey, are you inviting us? Are you inviting us?
day and we will bring you food
little ham and invite us one day to your
Cortijo you don't know what you can do.
What you can do is if you want we do
the program Here in the living room
Now, tell us twice what you already have.
we fit a very large living room
you see a House tour me
I die pretty, I don't know how to do this you see
the chimita has a [ __ ] eye and all
these things many pictures eye that
cozy eh And here could be a
very nice program whenever you want then
eh how cool Really how cool how cool
Cool to leave or not Angel infinite
Thank you very much. Oh, if I move, no.
There is coverage, you won't lose it
voice
Now kiss and thank you a million
that here you have your house also for that
that we are in contact Okay thanks
from the bottom of my heart for being so generous you
my number and whenever you want we can talk
of other things it's worth it I hope that
no one has been offended by
I hope, eye, that it is that the Democrats
sometimes we are not mu I hope no one
have offended with my things because
We are in a country that is supposed to be free and without
say barbarities can be said with
the intention many others but I pray that
Those on the left also respect others
options because they are not all that good
not so bad and with respect to characters
already with proper name of those of us who have
spoken I have saved myself from saying everything that
I think about them so I prefer
I prefer to say handsome, beautiful and
great that just saying it is like everything
The world knows that it is quite the opposite
I understand you, it seems to me
whatever you say the truth is that it has been
a pleasure I tell you from the heart Look at one
friend of mine
He says I've been here longer than
YouTube that the logo is worth it And it tells me
A friend has a smile on her face since
He started the live show like a child who has just finished
to meet your
idol apart has told me listen to me no
drink from the water bottle you are
drinking from a plastic bottle with
an interview with a guest of
Caliber ten
We don't entertain you
more you can send a
kisses can you send a kiss to my grandmother
Carmen who admires you so much
Come on, you want to send me a kiss, Miguel is here for you.
Seeing man Carmen my love what's up
daughter here with your granddaughter Chatting here I
I suppose it must have come out to you from
very pretty Also like that
Many kisses of course Oh how beautiful
Angel Angel Thank you very much indeed.
From the heart a kiss Angel Look if I am you
Honestly, the partner doesn't care that much either.
badly Eh ole ole ole good good it is
reciprocal to is
reciprocal come hearts that you rest
and that's good until next time
Okay, goodbye, Angel, a hug, goodbye
dear
Goodbye, well, the compliment can't be missed.
of the guest eh all the guests
They always compliment me Marina, that's what you have to do
recognize it not true. That is a
fact is a fact not all guests
eh always always all the guests
They have to give me a compliment, listen to me now.
even men, that is, I don't know anymore
where we are going to get to or rather and a great
man and a great man Hey listen to me
What a fantasy this has been, how have I
enjoyed it no but it is true what
Racel told me, "You have one."
smile since the live show started as
a boy who has just met an idol
It's literally like that. I mean, I'm not sorry, eh?
whether you've seen me a little like that but
It is literally what I have told you
It's true, I was nine or eight years old.
when I was in 1st 3rd I would have been 8
years things like that before communion
I'm sure I'd get to it and I'll bring it to you.
videos of me imitating him dressing up
[Music]
em this is what I need or rather this Now yes
Yes, one second, have you seen? Have you seen?
that I haven't done it, haven't you seen that I haven't
I've done it before today today you've behaved
today you have behaved today you have behaved and
I'm going to take this opportunity to thank you
to Monse to Pilar to Pilar to Chari to Mara
Jesus is about to provoke Chari again.
Marta to Lolailo to Paz and Mamen
Forgive us, you know that when I am
with guest because I don't like to put in
screen nothing because the
cameras and stuff and then for the
editor is a bit complicated but many
Thanks to all the people who have been here
there no truth the truth is that it is
that you stay listening to it you know it's like
eh And he has been very generous because he does
much that he did not give an interview or
there was no one or anything and Hey everyone
He chooses his way and such. And I think it's great.
generous but I told him 20 minutes and no
We have been here for almost two hours
hours so the truth is that I
I believed but when when he already said
the thing about the guests that he hadn't given me
He says that time had passed, that is to say
I like to cut them more or less into
less than an hour until we now
from another time, from a gossip ago, I
that we have it that we have it
we have because we must not forget
that you today of course Yes yes yes you have various
You have several topics that are, let's say
yours exclusive Yes let's talk
man please and in fact wait
Wait, look, upload the interview.
main look that I had thought of one
part specifically what Willy's is about
Willy and such I don't know eh But well no no
I'll see if I can edit this, but for
here for telesalseo
is that ang is also like another It depends
as it is no longer level is level is
The level is a great level, that's why I tell you, hosa
I don't know, eh. I don't know, damn. What am I?
as I heard it as I heard it
speaking thought in some parts I say
I think it can fit some parts together
Willy's thing about Yes, I thought wrong about
the part of everything from Tele5 no no
Of course it is also true
Of course I don't know, I don't know, we'll see it, okay, I'll talk about it.
with
bring and part that it is true that I am going to go
To the bathroom for a second. You're welcome while
Marina is talking to you, ask for a like and
while people become members
Also important Javi bu we are born
true because it is not so
easy with me it's easy, I don't give it to you
I mean we haven't spoken previously
and goodbye we haven't spoken previously
because you left me stranded Wait, I'm going
to the bathroom eh
Hello, it's not true
Well my case to what this person says
and look Look at the photo that has been sent to us
left there you think it can
have some credibility which ends up
to say with this photo that he has left us
here that Jo is Thank you very much to all
the people who have loved him
eh Let's see Angel is eccentric or rather he is
has a histrionic part of de de
They were fans of mine, they were fans, it reminds me
organize but a scale that has nothing
what do they talk about sometimes in third
person I love it is that
I love it. Besides, he's such a guy.
intelligent so cultured has lived so much
the rise of true success before
and not the rabble that exists now
misfortune makes you rethink so many things
things but you may like it better you may
fall worse of course of course everything
the world has to like it but it gives
Nice to hear from you, it's happened to me like with
Pedro Garca guapo I think that a
one more step to you, no Javi, one more step
Hey man, Pedro's has also been
I don't know the level, but it was this. So,
Angel Garo is here with us.
what has been and what has invited us and
that he has invited us and that he has invited us
He invited himself to his house. Hey, watch out, you.
you have and that we have talked about
[ __ ] yes I don't think he likes them very much
but well no but let's see the artam are here
very
good of course all my life eh Let's see
This week we have had a good one
week this weekend Sorry
Strictly speaking, I haven't gotten there yet.
to comment that I commented yesterday in the
intro to the weekly bombshell that you already know
which is that premiere that puts you the ends
This week there has been news that has
made it seem like Twitter was rumbling a little.
we have been discussing many things
about that interview and such eh about that
interview Sorry I'm still a
little like that not about that news that is the
separation and future divorce from Carlota
slide and her husband Marina brings
I don't know exclusive information
still, that is, he's going to tell me here
in front of your gra but good first
place interview at Javier's house
oliveira ah put it put it in
I can make the main one as type
from Pedro Garca Guado's The other day
and put it in the main that's what
I was thinking of putting it, it could be like this
put it to see is of level I tell you or
we could put it in the main
I'll think about it tomorrow
Okay, let's see, there are a lot of people like that.
that has done the one of Ay but that as if
out karma and I really there Marina no
does not agree in the sense that
What does it have to do with how bad or good it is
Carlota has behaved like a runner
other people or for example what is happening to you
people blaming that
This is obviously the case with Antonio
David m with that he divorces I mean no
It has absolutely nothing to do with it. Hey
Well, look, he got divorced because he
love may be gone but I don't think it will have
absolutely nothing to do with face or
with things Because also people
Saying that is because no one can stand her.
and it's like seeing in parts if the husband
has been with her I am one of those who
They think that when you are with a
couple eh lasting okay it's because in
They look something alike, they are not more or less than the
same rope The one that the maro people don't
I, the husband is from here, he is from
Cantabri is from Ampuero and I don't know
I am completely unaware of his ideology.
But I'm not just referring to ideology, but
ways of being tastes That is, if you are
with a person in a relationship that lasts no O
be me for example with Lorena man for
you have things in common you like
same things you go from the same stick no
you think the same and sleep in the same bed
you are of the same condition whether outside
part of the party that
Yes man, I understand that yes man
It has been many years, but I
I want to read the news that has also
published a friend of mine whom I love
a lot eh in Spanish and I want that
Let's read if possible we can put the
news but it is in Spanish The
exclusive I thought you were a weekday
look at you no no no no no the exclusive is
of the Spanish mess that I was there
a few years working very well yes yes yes
Yes, Ral is a journalist who is
super elegant superfine everything that
If it comes from Ral, it will always be a yes.
always Always Or the exclusive would be
This is the one I'm going to put on the screen
right now
no to
see This is the exclusive no Then it is
that doesn't say exclusive or anything and I
Look at you, then, keep this week in mind
I don't know about him
elco
Yes, it's worth watching Carlota Corredera and Carlos.
de la Maza separate after 11 years
of marriage and a daughter in
common Eh well yes on the headband it says
exclusive plus the headband is like the
Look, move up a little bit from the headline.
the headband is like the How do you
I explain u Ah but how small eh V cl so
small
headband how mythical what times eh
headband first time I hear it eh
Come on Javi, I mean you want me to read to you
the body
Yes, the presenter and writer Carlota
50-year-old runner and her husband
television cameraman and businessman Carlos
from the mass have been separated according to
The Spanish have been able to confirm exclusively
through completely trustworthy sources
The marriage now dissolved has a
common daughter Alba, his great pride
He turned 9 last June
Until a few months ago, Carlota Carlos and
Alba lived in a beautiful house that
acquired on the outskirts of Madrid in
the exclusive municipality of Posuelo del
Alarcn at the end of 2020 this newspaper
has contacted the
communicator who has declined to
make any kind of statement according to
The information handled by this newspaper is
rules out the possible existence of
third parties in both directions
concern of sliding so it slides
your environment was, is and will always be the
well-being of her daughter In addition to the profound
love that Carlota and Masa profess
they shared a business, a production company
call to the audiovisual Alba constituted
on September 28, 2021 in which
both are joint administrators in
relationship with this producer just
A few days ago Carlota declared the following:
in an interview with 36 of the Spanish
We are preparing a documentary about
orphans of gender violence still
we don't have a platform but we are
looking for where to broadcast it and give it the
maximum diffusion is a cause with which
that we are very involved is that there was
an advertisement in between forgive me for working
with Carlos it is wonderful and it is almost
our first time because when we
we got married he was in safe mediator and I
in the deluxe So we never coincided
although we went to India together to
do what Vicente Ferrer did and he has
state of the camera on set at some point
while I was presenting for the moment we are going
His words were very good for the
magazine coming soon in October 2023
just one year Carlota Corredera and Carlos
From the mass they began a beautiful and
discreet romance in 2011 between
backstage at the set of Slvame Ella
was part of the management team of the
program and he was one of the cameramen of the
Tele5's most successful format in the
In recent decades I found love for
36 almost 37 years old, good love, the one that doesn't
makes you suffer despite everything
blows that life has never given me
I lost hope of being happy now
I am so happy that I give thanks for everything
What I have assured the journalist in the
presentation of his book you too
you can in 2017 since it was known its
Charlotte's relationship
slide Yes but I'm just realizing
that then Carlota Corredera does not
recognize this divorce I thought so
which was like an official announcement but
Of course he did it later on Twitter
because she has already been forced to see it
Hey, I think I can tell you one thing or another.
things regarding this matter already or
We asked for some likes because I think that
He deserves it, he asks for a like, he asks for a like, but
I wanted him to read something specific
because there is a lot left for my taste Yes
It's that yes, I think this is a little bit
I don't sense more context. I mean, I think that's it.
It has been told I think I think or so
Basically what happens is that Carlota
sliding at the moment had no intention
from what I understand here to communicate
This divorce and has been seen in the
obligation after the exclusive by
That's what brought out that command that we all saw
the weekend on her Instagram Yes the
It is true that it is published in a way
very fine very elegant very good it's because
It is like that and let's see several
things 1900 people 1100 likes that I upload
a little bit the likes not a little bit There it is
presence, let's go ...
that we are going to talk about Queen Charlotte and
remind people that they can speak
With us you can ask us questions or
put messages to be seen in
screen with the Super chat is worth it
Come on, okay, let's see, eh? How far with
respect with respect that I know you until
where I know
eh Because let's see eh Carlota and the factory
In the end, all this is very small. I mean
the factory all Eh yes it is true that
she has preserved much of this
come to light but at some point
Obviously things have to be
know no and eh Although this was when
I quoted the other day the exclusive of
My friend Ral, people said, "Well."
but that was already common knowledge and it was known.
as if it is not from now
Indeed, as far as I have
been able to know Well, there are companions
near Carlota
and the separation So to speak his is
makes official
and week up week
down at the beginning of June at the beginning
Of course, it is June that we are in
October yes 100% to early June
sliding face and Carlos de la Maza
they separate week up week down
Hey
ok then and that's it
aside what is true and
we have to all be honest is that
eh the real reasons as much as they are
I speculate because I understand that people
You can say clearly that it is good to
better carlot in recent years that has
bad state on an emotional level
psychological due to all the overexposure
media for everything that has happened
could have had an impact on the couple
eh These are speculations, we can, we can
speculate, you can have an opinion, you can but
Yes, it is true that from what I know,
real reasons for these because they
people would have published it if
If I had known, I would have published it only
you know their most intimate environment
But I tell you intimate intimate that I don't know if
even she who has a relationship I guess
I imagine it's worthless when it's with
Beln Esteban, I imagine that they
I imagine they will know but they are very
few Those who know
laor when the money goes down the drain
door when money does not come through the
door love goes out the window is
a very typical problem in houses
Eh yes it could be, it could be, yes it's worth it.
So what's going on here with
I understand several things about this separation
that she reflects on the statement that
did is that evidently confirming eh
Because we are very used to it
journalists to whom they often
characters sometimes deny
You're right and we can all
make mistakes and in others I have seen
I will never forget denials
when I published last week, eh, that Estela
great that of Diego Matamoros and a
footballer were together had gone to
live together I get along very well with
Estela denied it to me and a month later
Next I found her posing with him
In a photocall I said how are you Estela Cmo
You're good, it's how are you, I love you.
say and unmask it that day on her Instagram
like like bad like anxious you know but
Well, these are things that have already happened.
what is obviously happening here
who prevails is his daughter Alba who is the
better than they have in common eh They already have
an age respect I imagine will
be there but now we
We question several things not because as
well he counted
partner the producer expects a
second to
really see where the news is but
You've been sick for at least 20 weeks.
Yes, since you don't pay attention to me, okay? No
I'd quit smoking, for God's sake.
Okay, let's see. Look, you know that Carlota
slider has thrown a strike to a
My friend, now with that topic I have seen it
I think I thought it was more Boomer
but I haven't understood it now
We can discuss if you want, I don't know what it's about
I don't know what has become of it. But
I made the appeal and he made it
He sent it and I'm seeing that he uploaded a video
recently then I understand that
It's better that they took it away, but I'm surprised.
that he hasn't told me anything is the best thing done
a video telling it now
Ok wait eh Let's see what we can do
comment
It is as far as we know divorce is
implies eh evidently they were
working on a documentary with the
production company that they have then now
we can clearly say that eh or
subtly, which will have to be seen if that
go ahead or not because there is a
separation eh people want to separate the
personal work but eh or
be both the documentary and the documentary itself
company eh because in the end a one
divorce
there is a separation and there will be a divorce
at some point because I think I don't believe
that no, there is no talk of divorce
always or it means a liquidation of
not all your divorce I guess
I suppose they would get married, no, no.
I remember if it was separation of property or
in marital property today almost
everyone I think in general is
separation of property but of course that
own production company that same company Yes
It's from both of them, we'll have to see because you already
I say that they were on the move, that is, they had
a documentary is underway, eh?
It was an idea of theirs It was about
them and for the moment until today
there is no buyer for that
documentary and it is neither for adante nor
backwards is like everything in the air
regarding the documentary regarding the
company and regarding everything then of course
They were everything and now suddenly
one then and they just had failure of the
from the superlative podcast
So it's true that I think there has
It was from there that the Stream was not the
The boy's, that is, that's where the strike happened.
not the strike because he put a piece of
a podcast I don't remember which one it was but
put a piece reacting I think I don't know the
I really don't know what he was talking about.
I agree, I have to look at it.
conversation I was thinking of seeing him tomorrow or
past to telesalseo but yes yes I put it in
a strike because such but I don't know what it is
What would you tell him to make you trust him?
we have said things and to us
He has not given us a strike nor has he
tried
never no to see I suppose that although yes
that it is true that we have seen in
television a sliding club
combative eh o o o radical o o
empowered with certain causes or I think
that in his personal facet
family I hope you reach an agreement
not only for his daughter but for
They already have an age, a maturity and
Yes, it is true that I know him.
four or five times when I was there
As an intern at Slvame I have always been
seemed like a lovely guy when I've
I went to some, well, to Ampuero, which
These are the festivals of a town here that
That's where he is, yes, I've seen him once or twice.
time
eem and yes, he seemed like a very nice guy to me
the truth So it was like no no I
That couple really matched but
then surely between the two of them each
couple is a world and then
They would understand perfectly but they did
This news has surprised us, let's see if
It's been talked about for a while but I'm
It surprises me because in the end
Well, these are things that can happen.
you have your life made
eh You have your daughter your things and suddenly
because Carlo is staggering neither is his
world that can happen to us all
It has happened to me too in some way
you know circumstances happen to you
experiences happen, things happen to you and life
It changes you and you have a little bit of yourself again
that to overcome that to throw and that's a bit like that
But Ah and what I also know is
What Carlota says is that it's good that
will never speak badly publicly about
her husband despite what has happened in
your house eh Nor is going to do an exclusive
nor is he going to give an interview talking
of him speaking ill of him because she eh
wants to protect the girl basically
That means that maybe they have been able to
have obvious differences
discrepancies or the whole fuss that
As we have to talk, they know it here
three four people counted and Y
none of them is a journalist because it has already been done
she is in charge of that no no but that is
a little bit of reality So I don't know very well
Well, Charlotte.
Hey, what awaits him now because the
It's true that he's been having a bad time and I
I'm not happy at all, eh?
nothing, well nothing, well no
true, notice that I notice that I
I saw in politics
a little gap in some subject man in his
with his Yes with his Carla galeote type type
not getting in there among the among the
I plug those in no no
type I don't know carrying the communication of
I don't know
how could I not know it could be the same as
Isabel Rbago carried out the communication of the
PP, well Carlota Corredera, well, I don't know.
we can or I don't know in something I don't know yes that
I would watch it because she is involved, she is a girl
that is involved you may like more or
At least for me he was wrong
quite a few things But oh well Anyway no
I know people are happy too, but no
I know in the end a Yes is what Teo O is no
It has nothing to do with it, nor does it benefit you or give you anything
nor does the evil of another's evil take anything away from you
It doesn't give you or take anything away from you, I don't know.
It's scary but listen to me, you know why?
They are happy because of course she is there
asking for respect now and yes it is
It's true that people, especially, eh? Well
of certain currents he attributes it to respect
You, you had respect at the time with
I spray flowers with such force that they are tombstones
It's true but I wouldn't have that one
resentment you know I want to tell you it is or rather my
I focus my life in a different way, I don't
I will stagnate because it is not my family
Roco Flores, Antonio David, and so on.
Of course it is true and it has been done
a lot of damage but I want to tell you you can
analyze that this person is doing it
going through bad times is another character in the
heart and you are not happy either, I am not
I'm glad, I don't cry either, but no, I mean no
would go to your account Carlota how do I wing it?
This is because there are people who
they take the sauce from the characters
televisions as if they were theirs Let's see
you may like it more or you may like it
unless you like someone or not and
We debate. But well, there are people who do it.
take it
Personally, what we are going to see now is a
painting and it's not by Michelangelo
you want precisely that if I saw this
Angel Garo would leave the live show because
Are you going to put me I think? Of course, yes, yes, it were yes.
if Angel Gar were here now
with us and see this scene eh
probably it is Let's see, I don't know
scandalize but would see that reflected
Tele5, which you have been telling us about
Tonight again I have to tell you that
I think the guest of the
Wednesday will not surprise you
but it's a bit like this Angel Gar thing
up to there of way of being not of
profession But you had already said Who
You have already told me at some point
You didn't tell me this, no, but no, no, no
per pu by whatspp for the face What
I put it is yes of course but it is
confirmed eh I think so but it seems
It's a lie that I have to do it.
[Laughs]
you know wait it gets complicated it gets complicated it gets complicated eh
lie eh
it gets messed up it gets messed up it gets messed up it gets messed up
wait no no it's not a mess eh it's a mess family is
it's a mess it's a mess it's a mess But of course with
12 likes I don't know if it will come I don't know No man
I think today's interview deserves
more than 35 members did not deserve it
less 50 60 something like that no Yes
Man, yeah, okay, hey, eh. Also, I have
that I will give an exclusive now too
on this topic eye eh first
first we are going to
I'll see which one I think I'll tell you.
I God please but I don't know
[Applause]
When I say which one do I believe, let's see. This is it.
a good imitation here Marta
also put This tet is worth No no it's not that
more Yes this I just want to say that what
It is being said in the program in the
I work on the Quicky channel.
absolutely false if followed
recreating or making fun of something that is
pending trial I leave the program
forever let's see these are the mythical ones
with love, always Marta's shoots
those who are like that that that that that no
accounts before publishing I understand
I understand on the one hand that you see that and it is
like W but I think it lacks a bit of
a little sense of humor
and be careful, he knows where he has gotten himself into.
where he has gone or does he know where he is?
has put Then you should know where
is and what can be found and what
I don't understand. Or be a fan of yours.
sincerity but I don't know if it can be done
to turn against is that I don't know
when I said Oh my God and then
continued putting more and one at 3 in the
tomorrow and another I say Yes yes In the same
tone basically put a few of
a tweet that sat very badly with him
done to see I have to say something okay
Marina my goodness my goodness what what
What's happening What's happening What's happening What's happening
10000 likes But what's wrong with you? Put yourself together.
You put yourself to say it, he has asked you like
the garo has asked you how he has asked it
As you have asked, we deserve to like it
has asked being of you has asked it
Miguel de la cosa Juan Juan Miguel Juan
Juan Miguel Miguel de la cosa Juan de la
thing tell me tell me okay No what am I saying [ __ ] it is
What do you want us to do for you?
that you give the like Damn, that you don't give the finger
With the order we can't do anything else
do Juan okay Juan let's see
And this is what for me, for my taste,
My opinion is valid regarding other topics
that I have seen, such as that of
I forget ants with Alexandro Lequio
I think the description he made
Anabel Pantoja on her day of acts or
alleged acts of Marta Riesco, singer
I think it is completely demandable
and that Marta Riesco would win but of course yes
But we all have that clear, that is, me.
I had it clear Since I heard it says
wow
but it turns out that in his day he already
It was published that Marta Riesco announced
several lawsuits, one by Anabel Pantoja and the other by
to Kati Amores and another to Isabel vilas who
We know who Kati Amores is. Who is she?
kati amores I don't know who she is no c Look she was
a friend of Isa Pi and friend of all who
I don't know where it came from that it was in all of them
the fisas and all the eggplants never
I will forget a party that looked at me from
up like what are you doing here like
as if it were and is like you who you are
I think that the friend of love Romeira
I also love you, well it doesn't sound familiar to me. Yes, yes, yes.
Look for her Yes yes what a terrible terrible terrible
fatal horrible
Okay, Anabel Pantoja, Katy, loves, eh?
Isabel vila that we all know
Who is Antonio David's bus driver?
Okay
Well, for now I can confirm esp
wait because of course this has to happen
put this on it This is a this is a
exclusive Play music I don't have it
I have the music ready but you can do it for me
sing while you can do like him
noise or rather if we were in the
chiringito
I'm going I'm going eh Make a tense face Make a face
of
tension Wait
[Music]
wait wait wait wait wait that one
wait wait quit smoking that no that
I'm not going, I'm going
I'm not going
wait, this isn't getting too serious
Wait wait there goes there goes bomb bomb
Well, bomb for now I can confirm
that neither Isabel vila nor Katy loves have
received none
demand cannot be
Of course, and your F here can't be Marta or
It doesn't make sense, I don't understand, no, I haven't
spoken with Isabel vila
Impossible. Well, what's going to go up to the Canal?
One day you want her to be a guest at a
Wednesday, Sunday, let's see, I don't think so.
I don't think we'll get there, but oh well
I have been able to confirm evidently that
Neither of them have received any
demand have waited a while in case
Perhaps Claro because Marta announced it no
and and and no, it hasn't taken them any
Anabel's demand I can't hire him
Of course, Anabel's case is different.
different and when I saw it I said to myself
I think this is what Marta has won, or rather
How could it occur to him that he gave us so much?
content and everything you want but
telling what he told was heavy and that I
evidently also Lu Kiko Rivera
also made more comments I don't know who
more entered into that game on that field And
let's see it belongs to an old night To a
that we can think whatever we want
Marta's desire for that meeting
in his right to do whatever he wants
win was the only thing missing
but maybe what has reached him
Anabel or not, we don't know why
Anabel These chores are no longer included.
I know if Marta will be able to tell us
I would swear that Marta at the time told me
He sent a test but I'm telling you
speaking from memory, but I would swear
that Marta sent me proof that
Anabel did sue her and she was on
I don't remember if it was a receipt
something sent me look look this is the
demand for this is the demand for
Anabel
you know but of course it is not demanded
I never send a demand as such.
but what about Katia and what about Isabel
vila: Well, it was a bit of a joke.
but I don't know it
I'm freaking out, I'm freaking out
I think you said Now that you're going to
befriend Isabel vila have gone
suddenly 100 people no what goes that
go but no Let's see me see an interview
Yes, I would like to do it but no, he doesn't want to.
She will never get along with me no no
No, it's not like we get along or anything.
but that's how it came out in an argument
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's a lie because you know what
Well this is a lie, you know, like no no
no good no no I understand you now
Well, let's go, I don't know, let's see and then what
It concerns Marta. I understand that later
Javi live when the scene happened
She said like Marta, "Well, we know."
that Marta is watching him as he relaxes
a little bit the atmosphere but Kiko said A
see no she has no sense of humor
knows where he is, knows what he's coming for and
you know how it is and it really is like that or rather it is
that's how it is and Ah ah no And that's also it
that Beln tema said the other day that
Anabel Pantoja and Mark Risk Seg
They guide with the pending trial that yes
Yes, yes, yes, the trial continues.
the subject of the trial, he mentioned it from
then I think that system should sue
Anabel and the others have not deserved it
sorry because I said why am I going to
sue t two Random but I think that
Anabel Bueno I am not a judge Oh but I
I think he has it a little lost, not me.
I would bet to see, I don't like to bet
because there are many times that it is not true, no
These bets, but man, I think
that Anabel has clearly lost it and
in addition to a significant amount, that is,
Look at the thing about forgetting ant but it has already happened
past time God how slow How slow
some processes go but others do not.
No, I mean, almost everything, almost everything, it gives me
very lazy to file lawsuits and what about me?
demand And all because it's like already having
that contact with someone for many
years of your life and on top of that, clearly intuited
that in that process that Marta or I mean I don't know
in case they contain Anabel x yes
It is so whatever it is pays the costs but
You have to advance it, I understand.
Of course you have to go ahead, don't you?
They ask for a fund forecast when you
They demand that you give a forecast of
background I mean you have I don't know you I don't know
In one of these I think they asked me
1000 euros or something like that And that's just in case
Maybe they condemn you, I don't know, it's like a
part I don't know what is assured I don't know very well
Well, how was it going? I'm speaking from memory, but
No no Marta has to spend it
money that the lawyer costs you
I don't know how much the lawyer and the attorney will collect.
each one has his own clear agenda
independent regardless of the
costs then etc or what if Marta loses
She pays the costs based on what
have asked that I don't know how much now asked
He hasn't said the amount but man I
I think he would have to do very badly
so that Anabel would not lose her
true man it's heavy it's heavy it's heavy it's heavy
but I know that it is true that seeing
On social media I say that there is a lack of potin in that sense
of the humor that at the beginning
eh, at first he was seeing it
But if you are suing because it is
commenting on a move you can't then
before the trial, start laughing at that
clear move let's see that's what I understand
What has grated on me is no longer the
scene itself which is a bit vulgar and that
But well we know how they play there.
that are involved in a judicial process
and in the end it's a bit compromised
also for her but oh well
Hey, it makes me laugh. Not because it shows.
already super radical on his Twitter of what
I leave it for if I leave the program for
always and in the end you know that it is not going to happen
do that is a bit like save me
the people who always threatened
I was going and that it was going live and that Jorge
or pal chased me through the halls and such. And
that you knew that with the same day
next was going to be because they have a
power of conviction and that they do not go away
They're leaving I'm telling you they're not leaving but
but yes, maybe sooner rather than later
We have Marta here and she tells us
things because lately his
Pedro Snchez's agenda is what I mean, hijja
My man I should I should Let's see when
last time he came good When he came in
not the day that you the day of your premiere
came in by phone That was the last
but yes but that was such but let him come
man, very good, but very good, yes he is
true Look at the inv with camera with camera
I don't think he's ever come with a camera, of course.
with a camera has never come with a camera
next week the person who comes the
Wednesday is a bit of a killer
She doesn't have any good
its next week is that I don't know
I T tells me today tomorrow comes I don't know
who and I say Ah well Okay I ask for the
miniature I let myself be carried away by you this
The section is yours Marina. That's great. Yes, then.
eh Yes well but the one that you on WhatsApp
look at the section is yours then the
extracts and videos are uploaded by Lili
Editors, I don't know who can stand among them.
I'm nobody here anymore, eh, I don't pto yes
remember the main lesser man of
we have very probably done
had a problem with the editor
copyright and is re-authenticating it
render we go to the
12:30 or in 20 minutes
approximately And we have if it is
prepared if there is no further problem
In theory, here we go straight to the Channel
main today and we run away and I
I'm going to go see him running on the treadmill or
I'm going to see him running literally.
video a video that lasts an hour that
I recorded yesterday about the Iigo case
rejn and the video is also cinema, eh, I mean
The video is cinema, I recorded it yesterday at night.
night and the video is cinema if it works
Well I'll do a second part because there is
interesting little things and I think this one
This week is going to be a lot of talk yet
Unfortunately, what a lazy man
TRUE
no no no yes the truth is that it is
being if what happens is that this
Every half hour something new comes out, Javi.
or you give it to him, it gives you another video tomorrow or
It gives you three, it's brutal, it's brutal. Yes.
but it is a topic that I don't know how to solve.
can work on the main channel
then well it would be interesting if
Here we make the r so you can see the video
support it and if it works well then I will do it
another one in the following days Okay I have
One thing I also told you before
the afternoon I was going to try I don't know what
It will be fine if I see it tomorrow
surely if she has done her live
But Michu, the ex, I don't know the truth here.
how to position myself and what to think michu la
Jos Fernando's ex, I've already seen it.
for my taste on several occasions such as
to attract attention by wanting it to be
call for program to talk about
These people tell the truth, that is, things
as they are worth And today he has uploaded some
stories and says the thing is that he
wants everything with his daughter referring to
Jos Fernando but they didn't let him yesterday
He said a few exact words to his daughter
that my soul was broken for him and for his
daughter Jos and Roco are victims of the
Gloria's jealousy and says to me I don't know if
will have done you can ask me in the
direct this is a message that she
They send Beyond the money the girl
she needs her father to come see her
ask what you need, how you feel and
be with the girl no and she responds to
This message saying that
practically Gloria Camila De's fault
that Gloria Camila is jealous even of
His father and Gloria Camila do not leave Jos
Fernando, who is a father to me
It seems I don't know, I don't believe it sincerely
look
bad experiences with her
eh honestly Ah true true true
Marina I forgot, eh I've had
enough bad experiences with her no
I have almost never believed it, it seems to me not
I know he doesn't play for me he doesn't play fair he is
a person who does not play fair man
I don't know to what extent it will happen either
invent the subject of jealousy when
He says something, he must have seen something, I don't know.
To what extent do I see Gloria as jealous?
because to say or not to let you exercise
father is that no no for me it doesn't have
a lot of sense the truth that most wants
Jos Fernando is clear that being
separated by living so far away I understand
that is complicated
Hey, maybe he can see the girl.
everything he wanted but let's go
Micho's thing is a classic, every time.
How about it? It doesn't fail, but well, it is
It's true that they have had a lot of glory
seasons eh Because there are seasons that
have been closer there are others that
They are fighting, Michu, I don't cut it
This is what I have put on the networks since
already publicly in the media it is
a little already detached could not have been
spoken in private that's why this is it
that you comment that I think he wants
little attention but I don't know if a profile like
Michu beyond socialite who doesn't pay
or quicki or quicki channel can have
I've been on the road since I can't find it anymore.
I see a lot. I feel it there and I don't believe it.
Honestly, Javi or I'm doing telesalseo.
I saw that in tea sauce I saw that tea
Salseo is on the site to comment now
always asks for money that the
I know No no no claimed me a a a
three statements that he gave me that
I sold weekly like a good journalist, eh?
They threw a stick at me and I got it
I claimed, I say aunt, but if you were
talking to me or rather it is that or rather you
I mean, well ...
Well, a great person. You would love it.
having her here would make you dumbfounded
listening to it during
hours I don't know if I will write to you
but no I haven't written to him Hey, I haven't
I have not written it because I would swear
that I was going to write to you this afternoon,
go ahead and do it yourself, I'll just give you the
number if you want and you do it you do it
when you are alone, see if he tells you
Yes, no, no, well, I don't, I don't, I don't know.
I have forgotten and I have not written it down, let's see
Marina wants to comment on a topic
And I have already commented on that topic, but
because they are things to comment on, it is not that
Marina says such a person asks to please talk about
This is not but Marina has begged me Yes
Of course not, let's see, the headline would be Marina
No man, let's see, but Marina, who will tell me later.
I see tomorrow in extracts saying such and such
It's not like that. Oh yes, I want to comment on this.
They're going to talk about you and me tomorrow.
Sure Okay 100% then it doesn't matter what you say
what you say eh There are channels that are today
Marina told me about a parasitic channel
I don't remember which one it was and he says Hey
but this channel This is the program that
He has a clip of mine today of I don't know what and
I say that I am that the channel
complete of that person every day is the
The program is about what surrounds Jai if you
ha FJ will be Don FJ And if tomorrow you put
a tit I don't know what For being from my environment
the I mean if I know that the majority for the
that I have realized payment payment good
I pay as if I were a Saint But no
Don't interpret it as I'm bad at paying the
consequences of being your friend or
collaborate here or rather for them I say
why do I care, eh, for them
me it is no consequence and associates
People associate being on YouTube with me.
It's very funny. I really want this.
comment associated with being on YouTube as
if it were less than TV, it's like
that these people associate failure or success
Success is associated with being on the front line
I sense that for them it is Tele5
which is making up 8% of the audience
Well for me the future is on YouTube and
I think it is equally valid to do the
things the interviews are not about here
It's not about choosing one or the other, you ah
you at any time I understand that you
when little by little you return to all your
media not clear clear but clear to the
people what you don't understand that each one
It takes a process, each one has had some
experiences and you start with one thing little by little
You put another one in a little while and I won't get involved.
how I was before I was crazy
So people talk about this, I was going to tell you
ask or rather But you're going to come back if
you want huh
and you bring everyone back to reason of course
The reason I'm going to is that people don't know that
It is thought of of course and I will do my
interviews publish my stuff And such
But of course what happens is that I have
preferred to do it very little by little because
For me it has not been easy, first you
favorite
no first where else yes no and what was
a little more exposure And such But what
people say what failure to end in
YouTube end with such I say failure I
I feel like I'm here chatting too
of topics to bring people to interview that
give us culture, give us a bun
that they give us and it's like oh my God
depending on the people giving some lessons that
I mean seriously, according to what places that
All they do is talk about you
nourish yourself with what the loser doesn't have
You don't know any kind of what you're talking about.
culture or any kind of aspiration
They are questioning, can you give your opinion?
It seems perfect but they are questioning
to a person who only does
its that fascinates me, I am fascinated by people
people who are telling you that don't eat
trying to belittle that you end up in
YouTube is how good I ended up on YouTube
Marina is in telesalseo on the Channel of
Javi Oliveira is who you are.
I lived as a parasite, so it couldn't be so bad.
c Marina and point number two eh is that
Marina is here with me because I am in her
One day I wanted to call her, she called me
Attention Marina, I saw her. Hey, well, there was
I came once I also saw her I saw her and
and I was interested in her you didn't see me say it
the truth is you saw me on the other side I saw you in
a separate YouTube channel you saw
Here too one day I do not know if it was
here or on the other boy's Channel and and
It caught my attention and I thought it was good
idea other than that I was already bringing
to journalists on Sundays It seems to me that
It was with Marina, in particular, I was
the idea came up that it was a
fixed section of one week that then
They passed two And such But but it was a thing
mine Of course of course and apart from that it is that
it hasn't ended up on YouTube or it's in
YouTube no no YouTube is one of the
jobs but now Marina is back I mean
that people believe the best
those people just like in their time
They started to mess with you because
you were no longer here as the intention was
mess with me and imply that
we had ended badly that you had
I'm gone from here because I'm [ __ ].
It is not that what is now implied is
like you're in the middle of gossip but not
You're in the media No, no, it's not that Marina
It's in the media, that is, Marina. Ah, go
coming back and kind of like that too
It says a lot that I don't have to say
this but well as it also says
a lot like no when you are not interested
goodbye if at some point and we have
spoken and I don't mind saying it in public
if at some point things don't work out
is that I am not going to end badly with
Javi never and I say it from now on you know
What I want to tell you is that he will continue on his way.
I will follow mine and I will do all the good that
If it happens to him, I'm going to be happy and I'm leaving.
to brighten that up from now on. I mean no no
try to look for things where they are not going to be
see and it is like that Apart from that it is a good
tandem for me this tandem I love me
I have a good time. We do what we can.
brings and not everything depends on oneself
I understand many times and you have to me to
sometimes I say [ __ ] I say look for now
Marina is the three Editors who are
They have been with us for a long time
approximately 3 years the miniature
I think it has like six luare I think
carries from you or here the team that
that is entering and becoming part of Lili
He's been cutting them for about a year now.
extracts I don't know or half a year half a year a
year I don't know but here normally the
little teams that we are making usually
last and I hope that you are so that we
Let's retire here and not the content
I personally am not humble and there are
great people out there I love people
I see I love such but to me
Honestly, as far as my heart is concerned,
It seems the best in terms of heart of
what I see of what I see the in
honestly, of topics, yes, honestly
It's that on YouTube later and there are people
very good at other things I say
wow I would love to be like you in this
I would love to, I don't know what I love but
Honestly, that's how I see it, that's it, whatever.
from what I see from the things I go
seeing not by by by by Well then it is
so I tell you to have access to
things or have or try Maybe there are
people who are more interested in a bun. Well,
The best thing is that I have to accept that it is like this.
What is more interesting is the controversy
speculate that I'm going to give you the
kick or that you are going to give it to me no that
you to me now in your moment the other way around I
Ah at least I'm the alpha Ah how good
how good how good how good yes of course
Of course, like Of course, like now, well
Of course, everything has gone down a bit and such.
I know what, because it's like the whole thing has gone down a bit
little but good that's what it's for
community becoming a member but let's go
I'm going but I'm telling you one thing
thing and I say it Here is that although eh
we both talked about Look at this So-and-so or me
This or this Javi forever
I was never going to say anything bad about you or
I would tell you, I mean I want to tell you I don't know
What would happen if you told us about me?
We fought. Of course, yes, it would never count.
that
would you count
m Well, I could
count
m yes yes yes yes yes you come up with things
Man, you already know everything about WhatsApp.
What do WhatsApp say? Look at the ner
rebon that one who manipulated him
conversations
but let's see, it's clear how much
I am when I start to rant I am comfortable
And I settle down and I forget what I have
spoken then they start to take me out
conversations out there and about your mother
My goodness, well let's see the topic.
Let's see the topic, I'm also getting
rolling a little because it is
having a little problem and I say well to
see this according to you I have prayed I have
begged to see this, this that has begged me
Marina please put that
I needed to see it and comment on it
about Antonio's live show
another day reproaching Ortega Cano and
Gloria Camila if they don't give us a strike
We will see the whole thing, it's okay that they haven't
defended never then you need that
put the Marina climate that I have already done
seen I think people have seen it or
we commented directly but but no
hard Well, I haven't seen it
whole eh lasts a long time is that this is that
This lasts three, the pil has sent it to me and
in two and this one lasts three and this one lasts one
I'm going to say that it lasts one, okay? No, why?
Let's hurry, eh? No hurry, but not in a hurry either.
pause well neither pause nor pause
Of course you put me here for 4 minutes.
Antonio had a strike eh 4 minutes
there but how how is he going to put one in you
of those who
man, let's see the first part because
piqui our piqui to whom we send
a kiss that today today looks today we have
given some likes and some ret here and I
because we have both agreed
we have joined hands with cont bernar
tribio who is saying that she knew
the rejn thing from a long time ago
but he keeps it quiet and he knows
what many more and he shuts it up with a hug
Ana Bernard Trivino also does not put on
the table We all agree on
against it is that it is one
communities let's see what Paqui was saying
It was the topic of Ortega Cano and Gloria
Camila had never come out to defend
roundly rejects the accusations against him
they made Antonio David then
Well, Ant puts on a little gesture and a
little bit of love to me personally And this is not
It's not an attack but it's an opinion of mine.
I personally think this was not
surprise why he would come up with something like that. I mean
I am very surprised that Antonio avid does not
have spoken with the collaborators
small outline even if it can
be an improvisation of [ __ ] eh but me
I would miss Javi, you and I sometimes
Sometimes I don't know what you put on me, or rather you
I mean and we don't talk I don't know Yes yes but
One thing, of course, a topic like that because
Imagine that he makes a commitment to you and you
I'm asking for someone you know
I don't know a topic that you can know and And
Then Antonio David commented on it
next I don't hear and that respect that you
you have your opinions there has been a
something that made me remember this
that I'm going to tell you
That's why I say that the past
stepped on and and and outside you didn't talk about it
needed help Eh defense such not the
I have had it but I have not had it on my part
I have not needed any of them
because I have always told the truth never
I have been sued and blamed for
something that has not been
I told you the truth that the Carrasco River was mine.
disloyal I used the term unfaithful in a
judged because he didn't control much either
He beat me in the first instance and in the second
instance I took it to the supreme court and
The Supreme Court ruled in my favor.
say I have never lied and I have never been
convicted of
That's why I haven't needed defense
some because the defense has been the
own justice that has been the one that has me
given the reason always said this eh
There was a detail that I remembered while
I was talking about Damn, I cut myself off there
the clip but come on I'm going to say it
better eh practically Antonio av se
It says that he defended Ortega Cano
when they were criticizing him in a
intimate enemy, let's go, it's a reproach to him
is blaming Gloria Camila for
He has never defended it and that Ortega won
Neither HM, I have already given my opinion, you have my opinion.
first to see
eh I think that first of all the
The question is not a coincidence, as you see fit.
You say because Antonio Aviz there are certain topics
who does not want to address that question in
concretely I think not
and point number one when Gloria said
Camila has already defended you there.
I thought but why do you want everyone
world defend a person when
Yes, I mean it was because why everyone
We have to bring the paper that you
You have such a staunch and radical attitude
that's the first thing I thought and
then the second thing is eh he says Well he said
At least he said he was a good father.
I know what and I don't know who said it. Well, that's not it.
It's little and such, I don't know what, but we'll see
What do you expect me to say?
you want Well maybe Gloria Camila has
lived more and has a thought
critical and own and knows more than the
people who are there collaborating with
all my respect that I have nothing
find or whatever but what is like that
so why do we want that that that
all the relatives say Wonders in
all the senses of Antonio David Pues
No, we already know that he stayed at home
some days they see it as a team of
football you are on this side has to
that's that's that's that's So I was
hallucinating and then remember that this
It is after the event and they fixed it and
It seems very good to me but I first
that I thought was a man with the
barbarities that Sol tod de Ortega in
television that that is past but
Well, these are things that remain there too.
But well, we'll leave that aside and then
when he says this is what he calls me
attention says eh
like no more or less I hope not
I'm wrong, but something like that to him
They hadn't kissed Javi, the likes didn't
no no no I'm not you know what I'm doing
I'm putting on my boots because
I think things are going to work out now.
So when I rush out I have to
go to the gym to go on the treadmill to see
the premiere but you are here
listening Ah okay I'm putting Me
I'm putting the booties on because I was
rested Ah okay okay great
eh Now the sect is going to attack you is that
I don't care at all. It's just that I don't care.
maybe the thing is that when he said that
that he did not need defense and that he did not
They had defended themselves because he defended himself
with the truth Look, it's that sincerely
It is not like that and I hope that the sect that does not
I don't want to call it a sect but a series
of people who continue in form eh eh
very faithful to a person also have
capacity for self-criticism and that they have
to know that we have been here
people who in their day we have
left the punch the skin still eh me for
example in my case all my colleagues
Most of them wrote to me like What
you are doing that it is going to harm you
It's messing up, I don't know, even Camic, I don't know
Hasan Tal I have gotten involved I have met
with it I have taken out what has
wanted what he has not wanted eh everything
When he was interested he would give me one
information to me when not to Pepito but
He was never the same, he was always the same throughout
He was always second to the lawyer.
flat no no no trying not to get wet
It was always a bit like that because it's a
so little then do not talk to me about
defenses as if we had to give up
obeisance or me seeing someone's life
when rather in any case doing
taking stock and making a journey has been
totally the other way around then eh let's do it
historical memory that each one has
done because he wanted it, I have not done it
absolutely nothing on face but yes that
It is true that on television in the
newspaper where I worked that some
I also got angry for doing what I
I felt like I had been shorn 200,000 times.
millions of times and I sincerely for
He is very ungrateful to me.
ungrateful very much but could tell
details, that is, everyday things
during these very ungrateful years I
I realized and said neither bald nor with three
wigs neither are that bad nor are some
They are so good, mind you. I still think so.
same as the documentary I Still Think the Same
Same business I still think the same
of Roco Carrasco's attitude towards her
children but the figure of Antonio David
itself as a result of last year until now
I have a totally idea But to him
Personally, completely changed, let's go
I would never defend him as a person, I don't
I personally like what I think
Regarding this issue, Ortega Cano
and Gloria Camila has not defended Anton
I saw with that runden because they don't have one
good image of him to get wet in
That sense is worth it, that is, Ortega Cano Now
We saw what he said about Anton one day.
Avi and it's not like I've never
rectified is not simply
They made peace and calmed down and everything
the roll but it's not like I did it, not like
to make a correction to the
Regarding that and Gloria Camila I believe
that when he saw the documentary,
documentaries I think there have been things
of Antonio avid who has seen that he does not
have liked regarding their family for
example the comment that Cano made to him
That night, no ...
the adoption of children is that people
She is not blind and let's see, one thing is not
remove for the other that were committed
injustices with a dismissal with a But
Of course, but something else also matters to you.
I say and it seems very good to me that people
spend your free time with him
with whatever you want and great But
I tell you that if there is a television
interested in Antonio David Antonio
David leaves YouTube and television
I am completely sure and I or rather you
I mean, but come on, that's how it is.
So I don't think we have it very well.
the newspaper archives are not very good.
newspaper archive of what we gave each other and
We received others and I will not go into more detail.
details already regarding that time
because it is past but the people who do not know
create eh As things are as they are
They count because it is not like that and I know what
there has been behind and I know what I have lived and
I know what I have seen and what I have felt and
Well, the ins and outs that I understand that the
people who are here no ...
what to know or not has to do with and not
I paint neither a monster nor the opposite
There are simply many things that don't suit me.
I liked them. Well, I haven't called.
Well there are things to a friend of mine
of the reason that reason we were the only one
national media that I particularly
honestly, he stood up for everything
that topic and then I don't know what he published
my friend and I don't know what he wrote to me
I kind of wanted to take steps that
remove that article that I was going to report
I say how are you getting involved I am not the one
enemy you know very very similar to what
made me because I played here with a
title and very similar to what he did
I don't remember if he went to Enrique too
and very similar to what he did to her too
I also had Beatriz Miranda Miranda
that attitude with Beatriz Miranda and Bueno
Well, a person who now
In the media it is as it is because
really mediatically and let's see and I
I think that well I don't know and that's what it is
people say you don't like him
documentary is not allowing everything
totally If justice gave him the r the
reason with the dismissal totally with the
completely documentary then there are others
things eh I'll wash it I'll wash it as well
we say I think it's not that it's not I will praise
I will praise you see you on Wednesday guys
I'm running and you don't even touch a thing
button because you are going to fall into the channel
main thing is that there is a great video that is cinema
I'm so damned, everything has turned off, tell me
but you don't say goodbye and what am I doing
but thank you all for
having accompanied us for almost three hours
very good of course
supposedly Javi is already exhausted but
I'm already no no no it's just that it's new
premiering if we are saying goodbye
loses family A very big kiss no
touch anything, it's worth nothing, don't hit anyone
button that you will automatically fall into
the premiere Ok running to the Channel
main and Support the video if you like it
There will be more Marina a kiss Heart
We'll talk tomorrow and see you on Wednesday.
with a piece of guest that you are going to
freak out or rather, eh, watch out that each And that's what
the lon is already getting more and more
stop a kiss a kiss family
the
table was
Not the Bed
down
Yo
you are
you You are you
[Music]
you I
sh
[Music]
your was